you think how about promotions work yeah
here we go four three two one
so Tom pop and I are sitting here let's
say did you see the fight on Saturday
night and he said the guy that got
knocked down mental health care mental
health guy the guy got up for everyone
with mental health he said no I didn't
see the fight like they only saw I only
saw that this is how narratives work
yeah you know I mean like in this day
and age especially there's way too much
information out there right like there's
no way you could see every television
show or watch every sporting event or or
know every scandal yeah
so when something happens like the blurb
that the little summary that I have
absorbed my one buddy watched it on
Instagram he posted a thing and it was
very heartfelt that he got up for all
the people of mental health yeah and I
read that and I feel like I experienced
the whole thing but you know it's funny
I don't know if he won or lost I know he
gets to draw it was a draw yeah I was
drawing okay and I don't have a firm
opinion on whether or not the draw was
justified has I only watched it once I
thought I thought that Tyson fewer won
most of the rounds except the two that
he got knocked down in Tyson's the anti
mental health guy know he's the white
guy he's the white cuz why the guy that
got knocked down okay and Deontay Wilder
it's his it is he's strange
and that he has like the most freaky
punching power I think I've ever seen
ever that's what I heard it's not a big
guy I mean for a heavyweight he's 212
pounds
he looks pretty big oh he's jacked yeah
but he shredded he has no fat on him
whatsoever back is where all the powers
and that's where I was his muscle is
like you see his back it's just fucking
just a bundle of snakes when I saw the
clip it was like he'd knocked him out of
them like backed up and danced Tyson got
up yeah look fuck that guy Wilder
punches so hard and that was in the 12th
and final round that was of a fight
where he was mostly losing he was mostly
getting boxed up it was mostly getting
out boxed but then he would land and he
landed real hard and like what was like
the 8th of the 9th something that some
like that he dropped him but that wasn't
a big knockdown right
he knocked him down but he got up pretty
quick and he was he was okay but in the
12th he fucking blasted him right he hit
him with the right hand and then as he
was falling he hit him with a left hook
on the chin as he was going down like
any late flat on his back with his arms
down
he looked unconscious yeah he really did
and then he with rose like Lazarus and
he looked pretty sharp when he got on
his feet you want the rest of the round
yeah he won the rest around the stung
him yeah he stunned
Deontay Wilder it was crazy because of
the mental health kids yes he was doing
it for the mental health people you
think that's really what he was thinking
when you're getting up off the canvas
I'm doing it for the kid
I would never doubt him yeah I mean
because he really does he's he's in a
very unusual guy and he donated his
entire purse to charity well out of it
like eight million dollars really yeah
yeah he donated all of it to charity
holy cow yeah that's great he's a
fucking really unusual guy he's been in
here he was in the podcast when he was
gearing up for the fight so I should
call him the super nice mental health
guy he's a very nice guy very nice guy
is he big like giant six nine sixty so
we're sitting here you feel like he
shoes a giant but he's super sweetheart
you're a friendly guy geez
yeah really well-spoken you know it's
got that like heavy travellers accent
he's a traveller had he made money
before oh yeah he's a world champion so
he's like he was a world champion Bank
mm-hmm and I almost killed himself in a
Ferrari almost committed suicide he was
just headed towards a bridge he was just
gonna fucking either slam into the
bridge or drive off the bridge that was
his yeah he was going on over 60 miles
an hour like headed towards the bridge
and he changed his mind
look that's what he looked like before
he started his comeback what yeah he was
300 pounds that's 300 plus right how
much they say he was I want to say 485
yeah something crazy because he's
obviously a saint 300 kilograms so yeah
times 2.2 that's like that yeah oh my
God he's so he was champ then he fell
off and became that chubby well what
happened was he beat wladimir klitschko
who was a long time heavyweight champion
I mean fladam correct it was there
remember champ forever yeah and he al
boxed him like soundly
boxed him and and beat him and then was
like now what and went into a depression
start drinking hard partying hard a lot
of cocaine and just fucked his life up
just as he achieved what he won and to
achieve
I mean he's calling it mental health you
know because of depression and all those
things but I part of me wants to say
that a lot of that is I mean I don't
know obviously I've never been inside of
his head but yeah when you're doing that
much coke and drinking that much that
has got to be a major factor in why you
feel like shit and then yeah the letdown
of this incredible achievement becoming
the heavyweight champion of the world
beating this guy who hadn't been beat in
a long time many many many years yeah
and then you know just partying too hard
and then getting into a horrible funk
when there's always hiding to come back
there's always that part of it where you
know you know that you have that there
are those personalities and there's
genetics involved and he gets you into
the drugs but then the drugs start going
to work on your brain yeah and then it
you know it becomes something different
becomes you know it's it's no longer
your own consciousness that's working
it's this sponge that just absorbed all
of these toxins mm-hmm who knows what's
misfiring what's happening at that point
we say that as we drink wine GSG
holidays holidays whatever little
fucking myth I was gonna bring you some
wine today this was nice of you to open
this it's just good stuff whatever this
is I don't know jack shit about wine I
learned a great method for Thanksgiving
about wine what's up I went to this
place in LA it's called 2020 wine it's
like this it looks like writer this is
the Lost Ark it's on the on the 405 and
you just walk in it's just wine this
huge room racks and stuff it's so
elegant it's just like this great place
to be it's cool it's like
temperature-wise it's like it's great
and it's intimidating because they have
you know I don't know that much about
wine I want to but and I realized this
this is my strategy and it worked out
perfectly I went to the guy who works
there and I said look I have 12 people
coming over for Thanksgiving
show me a $20 bottle of wine or less
that I can buy a bunch of for my friends
that's gonna blow everyone away and he
lit up like a Christmas tree it's like
this is what he wants to do it's like
yeah there's 200 bottle dollar bottles
of wine we know what that is I'm gonna
come with me and there it is
and he took me into the back in he found
these he's like this one's from Spain
$18 no one knows it exists the best wine
I've had all year another one of this
Italian Barolo that nobody knows about
and look at this it's only $12 a bottle
because nobody knows we have extra cases
it became like his of course that's what
a wine guy wants to do right one is the
wine thing that a name is just as
important as how good it is sure yeah
like when people you know an Opus one or
Camus or like we all know that because
that's like the Mercedes of wines cigars
are like that as well I know more about
cigar I don't know much about cigars but
I know more about cigars that I know
about wine uh-huh and like everybody
wants Cuban oh yeah Q Cohiba wants
something that's hard to get yeah but
this was I was like oh this is how you
should do it find a good wine shop and
go to the guy who's waiting to be asked
that question
yeah and he's so excited to show you
what he learned and he works in a wine
shop so he's not spending $500 a for a
bottle either me and shit my buddy mark
Telegraaf a and I were in Florida we're
eating this very nice Italian restaurant
with a bunch of people from the UFC yeah
we just said let's get a nice bottle of
wine you ever have a nice bottle of wine
I'm like I've had good bottles of wine
but this place had like bought bottles
one from the 70s right so I said all
right let's go fucking crazy and I
bought a bottle wine from 1974 oh my god
this is better this is bad this one's
better it was like it was weird like I
guess if you're a real connoisseur like
part of it is like Roberto Duran was the
champ when this was bottled it was like
it felt like it had less alcohol and I
think that's a one of the things that
maybe happens the the flavor source
to morph and change it just felt less
potent yeah almost more watered-down it
wasn't that good well there's there's
didn't I enjoyed it but I didn't love it
right and that you know and you probably
paid a lot for it was like a thousand
dollars yeah I'm not joking yeah I think
it was a thousand-dollar bottle one I'm
telling you this to my Thanksgiving we
had it was $18 bottles of wine probably
blowing our heads off yeah probably way
better so great yeah
they're there you know I try and learn
about it and there are certain wines
they say like there's certain Brunello
that like those should age and those you
can go like 20 years and you know if
they'll get even better at 30 and then
there's other wines at that same amount
of time they'll go sour and they'll get
funky so it's so hard to tell perhaps
Yap that I have I've never fucking
opened at once but I downloaded it it's
like vinhos of me you know who you
almost went down with that it's got a
powerful lid nice cuz that was like
headed towards the board
James name he's not even drinking I
don't fuck with laptops in front of me
anymore I've learned my lesson I was
doing a show on Saturday my friend had a
laptop she had a glass of water on and a
salad on like the keyboard like what do
you do like having a gun on your baby's
head separate it yeah no but this was
this was such a great way to do it I
mean there's so like you can focus in on
one kind of wine and really kind of
learn it and that's a lot like that
would be a lot of studying to learn all
of wine and like go into a fancy
restaurant and be like I'm just gonna
pick from the met you can right right
you know yeah I think it's like it's one
of those things where you have to you
really have to talk to someone who's put
in the time yes totally yeah that's yeah
my place here's something that I know a
lot about pool cues right I know a lot
about pool cues okay so if you come to
me and even you say hey I'm thinking
about buying this pool cue what do you
think okay well here's what you need to
know like that's that's a very expensive
pool cue and it's expensive because
collector's item because the guy who
makes it is dead however in terms of
like how it plays it does not play any
better than a pool cue that cost one
small fraction of what that costs and I
could turn you on to a bunch of
custom pool cue makers make a really
good cue for like a fraction of what you
would pay for that cue and I'm telling
you like you would play with this cue
and be happy with it for the rest of
your life but it will cost you you know
five hundred dollars as opposed to this
cues that are fifteen thousand twenty
thousand dollars and up really ornate
and and and beautiful one and this is a
lifetime your adult lifetime of learning
about oh man you've been immersed I
started playing pool in nineteen ninety
ish 91 1991 that's when I probably
bought my first pool cue
what's it known as what's a good pool
cue for bumper pool my neighbors had a
bumper pool table when I was a kid it
was badass
it's the older brother Mark he was the
dominant one because he was able to jump
it over the bumpers and get on the yeah
the jumping is a very controversial
thing in the world of pool you're not
allowed to jump well you can't but
attack there's jumping and then there's
bar table jumping right like when you
play with people on a bar they think
they're jumping in the pool cue but what
they're doing is they're scooping under
the cue ball with their tip like they go
under it and it sort of makes the cue
ball pop up in the air it's really like
yeah miss cueing is what it's like wow
the way you're supposed to jump a ball
is shoot down on it and make it hop over
uh-huh
that's my jam have you seen this before
yeah that's a McDermott
it's like called the Excalibur or some
shit like that that's a pool cue it is
but it's foolish it looks like a sickle
that the Grim Reaper comes together with
well this was a cue that was made a long
time ago was made back in the fucking
90s or something but that's not the most
expensive pool cue in the world is that
whole thing the Q 450 that's not the
most expensive Q in the world no no the
most expensive Q in the world is Gina Q
Gina Q is actually right here in North
Hollywood that's they call it the most
expensive Q in the world is that whole
thing the Q it's nonsense
that's nice stand in a queue see it's a
queue that hold all the blades and
everything like that what would you do
with not that it's nonsense I'm telling
you it's not
it's nonsense it's like having a car and
you decide to glue diamonds on that q
weighs nine and a half pounds I say you
know what a real Q weighs a ha a very
heavy Q very heavy yeah these 21 ounces
like if you play with it like if you
find out that a pro plays with 21 cubic
while that's a rarely a guy will play
with a 24 ounce Q like wow that guy's
crazy what was the thing is nine and a
piece of shit that's like the the women
that get the the gigantic hefty
hippity-hop s--
for boobs it's getting bigger than that
when you're like okay like triples yeah
that's not a real pool cue what's the
one in North Hollywood did well he makes
genic is his name is Ernie could Terrace
and he makes all swords I have one of
his cubes
oh yeah that's Ernie right there look he
makes I mean it wasn't me married to
share know that Sonny Bono I was dead
you're an asshole
I got in this podcast now Ernie is I
mean he's like a real innovator in the
world of pool cues he makes beautiful
beautiful beautiful but he had one that
he made that was filled with like I
don't want to say what the material was
but I believe it on eBay every handle
the handle was made out of solid ivory
had gold and all sorts of other shit in
it but it went for a half a million
dollars it's worth a half a million
dollars but I think the deal is that he
won't sell it
he's very wealthy that's really well all
that well for me oh yeah yeah his his
pool cues like in Japan and also all
throughout Asia they're really revered
like he can sell his stuff anywhere his
cues are very expensive on the
aftermarket too it makes them all by
hand like that kind of thing well he
designs them all and then he uses
computer-controlled machines they're
called CNC machines to put everything
together and piece it so that
everything's perfect
Wow yeah but they're all like his
designs and that like 3d printing
no no it's it's what it is it's like you
have a design and you put it into this
computer and you you put the spec I
don't know a hundred percent of the
process but right you put your the
specifications like
how why do you want inlays to be and and
they make them exactly the same size and
the points fit exactly the same way
Wow yeah that's all that's a super
complicated stuff but the point is like
if you were a guy who wanted to buy a
pool cue and you just you know went to a
website you rang
your you're lost you lost like me trying
to buy wine in a wine shop yeah exactly
yes where yeah this is good wine though
what is it this is new I didn't know you
spoke French I do
see fit Paris is going crazy right yeah
you've been having these crazy riots no
what's up every time I think about it
visit in Paris there's some new shit
that goes down over there I know it's
kind of feels like a little like like a
jewel box that is about to explode is
it's not good is it workers we're gonna
write it well the weird thing is
everyone is riding is wearing those
reflective vests what like see that yeah
that works right now yep they're wearing
these yellow reflective vests and
lighting things on fire and smashing
stores so like who is go change
these protesters they've been going
scroll back ups with my silent says 17
pictures oh it's terrible and it keeps
getting worse
it keeps getting worse I mean started
November 17th when French drivers
supporting yellow vests led a
demonstration apparently has to do with
oil prices rising rising fuel prices
280,000 people four people have died
hundreds have been injured thousands of
dollars where the property has been
damaged the protest has started November
17th when French drivers sporting yellow
vests led a demonstration of two hundred
thousand people across the country to
push back against the rising taxes on
gas and diesel Act French president
Emmanuel macron I love a nice Mike Rome
as part of his many economic reforms
announced the gas taxes early this year
to minimize France's reliance on fossil
fuels that's a fucking shitty way handle
you know reliance on fossil fuels you do
the opposite you cunt face well you
don't charge people money you know you
don't charge people extra money and make
it more expensive than those
unless you give them subsidies for
electric cars you stupid prick yes
don't you understand the American Way
piece of shit I love talking like well
authoritative about things I know what
does it say let's go back to where it
was the price of fuel that's it 30 cents
a gallon they went crazy 30 cents a
gallon trying to kill people gas already
cost about $7 per gallon Wow
fuck yeah so it's just gonna break
people's backs and they no dry bread
John Bush was leaving office and they
jacked the fucking price of gas way up
yeah
dude there's people that were panicking
yeah you know September 11th reclines
everywhere all right and I just empty
yeah but the price didn't I don't think
the price rattling went up some places
were charged like 25 bucks a gallon but
that's that's kind of insane like that
people used to have riots like that when
when we would spike and people couldn't
eat well I'll give you this they like in
cars oh my god that's a shitty little
car anyway he's not even part of the
protests he's just me about this
somebody was telling me about this I was
at a little kids party I was talking one
of the dads and he was telling me about
this thing that happened this I think it
was in Northern California it was a fire
fuck it might not have been Northern
California was a fire and initially they
thought it was just a fire but then the
CEO and his vice-president were both of
their houses caught fire mm-hmm so then
they thought it was like an attack on
both people then they realized no it was
a murder and one of the guys killed the
guy and his family and then lit his
house on fire and then went back to his
house and lit his own house on fire make
it look like they were going after both
of them
and he's the only one that survived yeah
whoops that just happened in New Jersey
a guy he's in New Jersey maybe that was
it a guy murdered his whole family
no his own family yeah and then lit the
house on fire then maybe that's it maybe
I'm getting a fucked-up version of the
story I get drunk at kid parties to
family Massacre disguises a massive fire
New Jersey yeah that's it this is the
story
so um make that a little larger please
it says there was more than a brotherly
bond between Paul and Keith yeah that's
right part of New Jersey versus vacation
together and settled about 11 miles from
each other in the suburbs in New Jersey
but two days before Thanksgiving a
horrific chain of events would forever
tear them apart
hos brother yeah that's what it is so I
had a really fucked-up person say that
name Canario quiero Kenny Kenny Kenny
arrow became brothers killing his
youngest brother his sister-in-law and
their children oh this is what's fucked
up like what what how does a guy go from
never killing anybody to killing a wife
and daughter so he killed his brother
mm-hmm and his brothers whole family
yeah oh my I thought he's no his own
then he set his home home on fire with
his wife and daughter inside tried to
make it look as if the whole family been
targeted his family got out of the home
safely can you imagine the panic like
what the fuck just murdered these people
you don't go back go back
you light your own house on fire you're
like can you imagine like while you're
lighting your house on fire thinking
like the the intensity of this is gonna
work I'm gonna get out of this this is
where the plan goes and poof well it's
really fun how does a person kill I mean
I understand you're mad at a guy and you
fucking hate each other fuck you fuck
you and you start fighting and then you
wind up killing each other how do you
kill his wife and daughters how do you
do that how what like what switch goes
on like is he just trying to yeah
because he's just walking around go back
up it says it's killed his sister-in-law
it said he's accused excused of killing
his younger brother his sister-in-law
and their children like how many
children like who would he
killed kids yes so this guy was never
murdered anybody just walking around
Colts Neck Township New Jersey yeah he's
a business man probably never done
anything really major in his life right
probably like was that a like a business
meeting yeah
two days before with some guy what the
fuck man just living his life talking
about the Giants like what the fuck what
is that his wife and his two daughters
Oh several twists in the case of look at
that look at that he then allegedly set
his own home on fire with his wife and
his daughters inside did you not hear me
say that I thought you were talking
about his his brother's family no no he
killed his brother and family set the
house on family on fire then lit his own
house on fire to make it look like he
was being targeted I knew that but I
didn't know his he had kids in him his
wife and his daughters were inside oh my
god to try to make it look as if his
whole family's being targeted his
brother and him oh my god his family got
out of the home safely Wow fucking
unbelievable think about his kids right
now we're like what did dad what yeah
what Jesus Christ he oh my god was
killed before sunrise scroll up there
somewhere between midnight and 5:00 a.m.
Paul Kenny arrow was walking around his
brother's 1.5 million dollar Colts Neck
home armed with a knife and a gun yeah
brother's been in front of the white
mansion when a deadly confrontation
unfolded Paul fired multiple shots
striking Keith fucking hey when you got
mad at me for not following the story
clearly did you feel like you could kill
me Jesus Christ
he walked inside found his wife's found
Keith's wife Jennifer he shot and
stabbed her and then stabbed their
children
Jessie 11 and Sophia 8 what then he took
some documents and set a fire in the
basement what were they doing like the
week he fuckin stabbed an 8 year old
dude an 8 year old girl in her sleep how
- fuck - someone in her sleep it say in
her sleep well it was 5 a.m.
doesn't matter man he's there's gunshots
in the house yeah I might have gotten up
oh my god good lord what a monster a
monster what was this guy like the month
before like what the hell look at that
normal-looking house shit that is the
normal akin normal house ever do you
believe that there is an always a
presence of good and evil in the world
like that it's not just evil deeds what
this guy did was evil but do you believe
that there is a real presence of evil
that it's like a thing that takes over
people or takes over you know what I
mean like like like but good and evil is
that more than just people's actions or
is it like a force of nature is there a
good force of nature and an evil force
of nature that is constantly using
people and using things as as a catalyst
or as a okay instrument let's break this
down
I don't think nature is the right way to
approach it because I don't think
there's good or evil in nature and the
nature nature is actually far more moral
than humans are because what with nature
is just about survival right redditors
and prey and they kill things neat
things but when animals in nature kill
like what they call surplus killings
werewolves will kill like 18 elk and not
not eat them they're just they're just
going on their instincts these things
are there to be killed and they they can
get them because they can't run away
maybe it's thick snow or something like
that so they just can't help it they
just tear them apart because their
instincts are they drive them to kill
because that's how they survive that's
other family survives their killing and
their eating these elk and this is just
what they do and even if they kill a
bunch of them where they can't eat them
their instinct is to kill because that's
how they survive it's natural it's
normal with humans it's very different
because with humans there's consequences
right and there's law and there's other
humans finding out so there's deception
and then there's there's selfishness and
there's the the fear of getting caught
and then there's your own you
our own survival instincts internally
you don't want to get locked up in jail
you don't want to get caught for
something mm-hmm so I think if I had a
guess that this guy didn't think he was
gonna kill this guy's wife and family
probably didn't think he was gonna kill
this guy they probably got into a heated
argument and they they're stupid and he
you know he's a Guinea he's that's my
people yeah they did you stupid your
people to can tiara they do stupid shit
you know they're their fiery people and
those those fiery people I swore off
Italian girls when I was 21 a tiny girl
take a swing at me when I was 21 I was
like that's it for me I'm done some some
look at something yeah and some women
are fucking crazy and I believe in
epigenetics you know I see how wacky my
fucking own kids are what's epidemic
epigenetics
well let's Google so I don't bust up the
the actual definition but essentially
it's the way I'm using it is that
there's certain traits that are not just
environmental traits they're inherited
traits and that you hear will pull them
right the study the changes in organisms
caused by the modification of gene
expression rather than the alteration of
the genetic code itself mmm this very
there's better words than that there's
better better definitions than that the
study of heritable changes in gene
expression there you go active versus
inactive genes that do not involve
changes to the underlying DNA sequence a
change in the phenotype without a change
in the genotype which in turn affects
how cells read the genes oh great now I
know less about it
I think there's traits and this is this
is a very this is a very controversial
yet very fascinating field of study
because what they're doing is they're
they're finding out that children that
are twins that are separated by you know
when they're babies right they go into
different foster homes and they're
raised by different families have
incredibly remarkably similar
characteristics lives loves
desires like what they're interested in
incredibly similar yeah and they're
suspecting that a lot of the information
of nature and nurture I think that's
safe to say mm-hmm and I think that
they're you certainly a lot of things
happen to kids when they're young that
shaped their life whether it's physical
or sexual abuse whether it's exposure to
violence or whether it's positive things
like love and encouragement and and
inspiration but there's certain
information I think that's transferred
from the parent to the child while the
child is in the womb and when during
during the conception of the child I
think there's traits that come from the
father and traits that come from the
mother biological biologically and I
think this is undeniable across species
and I think this is why dogs like my dog
has no fucking idea who his parents are
he doesn't give a shit he's not looking
for is that on 23:9 me doc exactly I
grab that leash and he's like we run it
today there and his what are you doing
there it's so watched it yet
three identical strangers no I have it
but it's it's about this exact very
thing right yeah did you watch it
no I've started to like watch the
trailers and stuff but it was a good way
to come on Netflix oh it's all in that
flex your dog's like wonder what my
dad's doing now yeah why did he leave me
homeschooler in the woods no but he's
got certain instincts like he lifts up
his leg to piss on things yeah I smells
things like the end and he chases
squirrels like there's there's things
that are in he's a retriever
right he's a golden retriever so he
brings things back I mean that I had pit
bulls before and they'll bring things
back but you got to teach them right
they don't want to bring things back and
they definitely don't want to let go
right they want to do is play tug of war
with shit like but he lets things go and
it's like natural for him that soft
mouth yes yeah yes the same thing they
hold things gently because they're used
to retrieving ducks and animal and
pheasants that people shoot that's what
they were raised for yeah so he brings
things back like when I get him up in
the morning right yeah he stays in this
little room
and when I get up in the morning at 7:00
to you know take my kids of schooling
all that stuff like when I open up the
door he whines like crazy he gets crazy
grabs his tail so how do you see the
first thing does is to pick up a toy
yeah Percy he picks up a stuffed in when
it comes to me with the stuffed animal
in his mouth like they say this is not
something that we taught him yeah but
this is some and golden retrievers all
around the world doing the same exactly
all around the world all right or the
same exact thing there's certain traits
yeah they've and I believe that Italians
my people yeah my people I'm not saying
this I - yeah and yours - I'm mostly
Italian they're savage folk this is just
a fact man yeah it's a fact there's
there's a streak there's a streak it
goes back to the Romans that's what I
really absolutely 100% believe
yeah and that I think there are certain
civilizations that have a longer history
of being civilized and and less violence
and I think when you are were you
dealing with folks that have in a real
history of violence mmm in their culture
and that this translates generation to
generation and transfers down to the
children right and I think this guy is
part of that I mean it's like there's
not it's not a coincidence that the
Italian mob so ruthlessly brutal or the
Russian mob so he asked me brutal excuse
me no for sure there's definitely that
part of it and then there's the other
part of it that like you said there's
there's the nurture part of it who knows
what was going on in this guy's life
that you know okay so here we have two
Italian brothers right yeah raised the
same way Italian a hot streak all this
thing and then one brother together one
Brotherhood decided to burn the house
down and slaughter the family the other
Italian guy didn't have that in his
to-do list but not necessarily because I
don't know if they planned it out or if
he did it just because I mean he had a
knife on him in a gun maybe he's almost
crazy asshole that brought a knife and a
gun everywhere
who the fuck know who knows but they
were in business together and you know
people in business together it's not
they get crazy and they get real
resentful and you know they think one
person is not doing their fair share or
one person fucks up a deal or one
person's costing the money and
yeah now who knows but how the fuck do
you kill each other so there's a baby
man how do you stab an eight-year-old
daughter will you take it in your hand
yeah I have no idea but the Italians
also like wine more wine please one of
these 0% alcohol Heineken
he's supposed to be the most delicious
I've never had it but we will try one of
these it's supposed to be the most
delicious non-alcoholic beer
not recommended they said that if you
want to try I'll try non-alcoholic beer
that doesn't suck
get this Heineken zero zero so Heineken
zero zero it's very the shit tastes like
Heineken does there's literally no
difference pretty damn good for
non-alcoholic beer doesn't have that
weird I'm lying to myself funk to it
yeah it doesn't have that weird
aftertaste if I was a junkie mm-hmm I
would not want to try yeah it tastes
just like it will drink non-alcoholic
beer walk into a liquor store buy this
you literally the gate of hell and the
fucking demons are reached let me just
test myself people who are clean are
cool with taking CBD like is that mmm
okay question well the marijuana thing
is different because I think for the
vast majority of human beings obviously
there's a lot of biological diversity
but for the vast majority of human
beings I do not think that marijuana is
physically addictive I think it's
entirely possible that for some people
it is but I think for the vast majority
people it is not physically addictive
it's more psychologically addictive so I
think it's a different thing so if
they're taking CBD with their I mean it
depends on how they're taken if they're
rolling up a CBD joint do they do that
yeah okay but but doesn't some CBD have
a little bit of too
some of it well this shit has the
tiniest amount of alcohol
it says alcohol free but I think it's
like what are the county row 0.04
alcohol-free beer with natural flavoring
do you know Heineken is one of the few
beers that you can drink if you are a
celiac it does not have wheat it's not a
wheat based beer so if you're
gluten-free uh-huh you can drink
Heineken
oh maybe not if you're celiac but
definitely if you're gluten-free that's
not bad
yeah I like it it's not bad at all it's
not bad for the Haller ease of standard
half the couch of a standard beer so
those other calories of just pure
alcohol
I guess yeah right what if there's like
a you know there's one episode of the
Opie and Anthony show oh my god I forgot
about this we gave this gal who they had
this thing was her name was stalker
patty I think that was really and we
gave this crazy that you know how radio
shows have these regulars yeah always
come Western yeah yeah well they gave
this one gal a breath strip like a
standard Listerine breast strip and this
is back in the day when I used to get
pot breath strips that would they would
fuck you up so hard I remember I gave a
half a one to Thompson girl and we flew
to Florida to do gigs together and by
the time we landed it's like dude I want
to tell you something I almost didn't
make it almost telling these people to
turn this plate around half of a breast
chip would put you over an alternative
dimension it was so strong so we gave
this gal a regular breast trip there's a
video of it online about oh it's like an
hour long yeah yeah that had no so yeah
had no weakness so Ari gave her this
breath strip and then Ari proceeded to
like to talk to her and she was like
talking about Ojai she was she's so fun
I couldn't go anywhere but we all knew
that she was sober that's but then how
she was when you're a person who's a
like a whack
packer right look this is hot chance or
something is an issue that's not being
resolved yes
frankly it's not a yes widow a
naturalized human being that would be
the de this is not an actual a human
right there's not someone's got their
shit together though they're reading
self-help books and fucking getting up
at five and doing yoga no no no they're
just trying to get through the day
they're barely getting through I found
this thing that makes them that they
cling to yeah it's those characteristics
are fascinating to me because you saw
you find them in other things I mean you
those characteristics of these people
that find something to belong to and
then they become a thing they become a
part of that thing you would find those
people at pool halls you find those
people at martial arts places you find
those people that hang out at comedy
clubs it's like they're a little off but
they find a thing yeah that becomes
their the thing that they do all the
time even if they're not like the
comedian they'll hang out at the comedy
right right we know those folks right
for sure and I don't I totally get it I
mean that's community yes I just want to
belong somewhere we all want that thing
just that's where I go and I know those
faces and they know me and maybe I'm not
totally a part of it but I can go to the
pool hall and yes feel like I went I was
wanted on my clothes the pool hall was a
perfect place for that because it was a
hangout like a lot of people weren't
playing right if you had like three or
four tables going there like so three or
four tables would be like six or eight
people playing pool but there might also
be five or six people just hanging out
maybe playing cards maybe right you know
buying coffee and maybe ordering a
sandwich or something like that I'm just
sitting there eating it's important you
know that that's I was reading a whole
article about that by David Brooks the
other day and he was saying that that's
that uh economically were richer than
we've ever been as a country and even in
the last couple of years like poor
people like everyone's standard of
living has gone up which I wasn't really
clear on I thought that you know only
the rich people were doing we're getting
richer but everybody was kind of being
lifted up but were unhappier than ever
before and the life expectancy is lower
than ever before
and we're killing ourselves at rates
that are higher than ever before and he
was saying that it's that lack of
community that we don't go to church
anymore we don't belong to those things
that gave us meaning every day in our
town and used to go to church you'd go
to the pool hall or you go to that you
need that sense of belonging and work is
a big part of it
and people now are in this gig economy
and they're working over there working
seamless they're doing different things
they're isolated they're by themselves
and I'm working with other people and
it's he really believes that it's that
lack of community and that lack of
institutions is why we're very very
unhappy as a as a country right now it
makes sense to me it makes sense to me
as a person who's a part of a vital
community mm-hmm as a comedian you know
like Jeff Ross was here the other day
with Dave Attell and one of the things
that he said that really struck with me
he said I almost feel like I'm a
comedian more than I'm an American I'm
liking a comedian first Latin American
second right I was like yeah yeah you if
you're at the airport and you you know
you run into Dave Attell or whoever it
is yeah like it's like that's like
there's a light upon them yams down from
heaven exactly one of mine yeah hey yeah
yeah you just embrace them that's why I
always would always get suspicious of
comics who didn't embrace me like as
soon as you said I'm like I was like
there's something more with this guy
yeah yeah something like core comics
that don't have any comic friends yeah
there's very weirdos they're fucking
real strange and they're always super
selfish okay it's yeah I can't even like
figure out exactly what it is but I'm
just like I know that's not one of the
good ones
yeah especially if someone's like a
successful comedian oh yeah that's
really weird like you have the
opportunity to hang out some of the most
fun people in the war oh my god you're a
peer of theirs and you give them a pass
it's like family it's like no if I I did
this gig in uh in Colorado once and just
by chance it was like this corporate
thing and there was another comic on the
bill who I won't mention and I was like
oh that's cool we're in the middle of
like nowhere and at least there's
another comedian here yeah he did a set
split didn't talk to me just like there
was no I was like I was like you're your
dog like hey let's play let's play hey
split I was like are that guy's weird
that guys there's something and I am
it's true I think it's less common now
than it was back in the day and this is
another thing that I talked about with
with Jeff and Dave was we were talking
about camaraderie that there's there's
less competition now there ever was
before me even before there was only a
limited number of Tonight Show slots
there was a limited number of sitcoms
you could be on and that's what
everybody wanted everybody wanted their
own sitcom yeah everybody wouldn't be on
The Tonight Show there very few of those
very few yeah and everybody was
competing for these very limited slots
and there are very few HBO specials
there was not there wasn't a lot and
there was a lot of us and so it led to a
lot of like jealousy a lot of clawing
and scratching right now thanks to many
things thanks to the internet thanks to
YouTube initially then podcast and then
Netflix it seems like the world is our
oyster there's so much yeah all you have
to do is put out good content totally
and you could have your own audience and
you could have his own audience yeah she
could have hers yeah and all exist
without having to purr poach each
other's audiences yeah and you know I
promote like in the beginning of if
you're listening to this on YouTube it's
not on it because it's something that I
do in the beginning of the audio version
of it but I'm always talking about
people's specials that are out like then
now the bumping mic special with Dave
and Jeff Ross is out now they're not
paying me to say that Netflix is another
ham and you say that yeah yeah special
with a christina pazsitzky special
they're not paying me to say that yeah
I'm saying that because these people are
all my friends and I want them to
prosper yeah I want everything new I
want them to I think they're great and I
want everybody to know that this is
great stuff and if you if you're a fan
of comedy I want to help you yeah fine
it's like I want to be that guy the wine
store going hey yeah you want to see an
$18 bottle wine that I'm not your dick
of it well more people now than ever Bo
yeah yeah no I know he's the best ever
never I've never seen anybody that makes
me laugh harder I don't know if I if I
enjoy him as much as I want as much as I
enjoy how much you enjoy him
it really is such a great thing
just watching you guys when he's going
off and you're laughing at him it's just
it's like I could watch that all day I
feel so thankful he's so real he's such
a I mean he's just one of yeah he's so
real especially if I have a buzz I got
about a couple drinks smoke a little
weed you know watch Joey I'm so thankful
I'm just like so thankful there's a guy
like that out there
in my opinion he's that the leader of
the charge because he's the most
reckless and wild and many evil yeah so
now now that he did that Netflix special
oh my god you go see him people he is a
fucking monster right now he's like he's
peeking he's better than he was before
and he was the best before now it's such
a great thing like when you go to any
club and then you come in and you just
see whatever random people are there you
know my wife was a comedian before we
had kids and the first thing she wants
to ask she asked when I come back is who
who was there who did you see and it's
like oh he's so Steve Byrne I saw the
whatever and she's like oh she wants
right because she doesn't she's not part
of the community like she is but she
doesn't get to visit yeah so it's like
she misses that sense and we're very
lucky to have that yeah as grown men to
be able to like walk into this very fun
community that you're a part of yeah
gives you meaning it gives you a sense
of belonging and that's what a lot of
people don't have nowadays it's very
like according to David Brooks that's
the reason for everybody is malaise I
think there's certainly something to
that I think it's weird living in places
where you don't know your neighbors you
know and that's that's fucking weird I
mean yeah Norton was telling me that he
lives in this big apartment building in
New York City and I think he said I mean
it's got to be hundreds of people living
in that bill he's huge huge building
yeah I know where he is he doesn't know
anybody
we're it says no it doesn't know anybody
says you try to say hi to his neighbor
they look at him like he's a fucking
murderer
nobody's friendly to anybody
yeah this is so weird they're like
you're too loud stop making noise that's
what everybody does to be will bang on
the door bang a floor back in the rukon
flicked yeah it's a weird thing and it's
weird you know my youngest wants to go
to church
and how old 13 hmm and cuz friends what
is maybe she has more of a she says more
of a sensitivity and like she knows
there's something other that there's
something spiritual going on or
mushrooms I think that might have been
what kick the whole thing on and she's
just she's searching a little bit right
and she wants that she likes being able
to sit someplace and and we go and it's
not like when I was a kid like when I
was a kid and we were Catholic the place
was packed like you couldn't find
parking like it was like it was a big
deal that my father would be like we're
going early come on get out of I'm not
walking from the back and it was like a
big thing now it's like you kind of roll
up it's half full and there's nobody
there and it's you know of course the
Catholic Church has a lot of problems
and but I think but every but every what
do you mean my problem with you know all
these religions have had a little
kerfuffle no they haven't they have a
lot like the Catholic Church now the
Catholic Church is the worst it's the
worst but I know but don't let me get
sight okay but the the thing is we know
so much now and we're able to see that
all these institutions are flawed right
that there's problems with all of them
we used to people used to think my
grandmother just thought church is the
best and this is the best when they
didn't ask questions you know now we
know everything and we know that all
these institutions are flawed and I
think we're making the mistake that you
can't be a part of a political party you
can't be a part of a community you can't
be a part of thing if it's not perfect
but that's not a way to live you gotta
kind of be a little ignorant if you're
gonna show up you got to kind of not be
ignorant but allow things to be flawed
or start a new one go on yeah I mean the
the right way to address the issues of a
flawed institution and not just to
accept them but to try to create a new
institution that doesn't have as many
flaws maybe that's not what we did but
what our founding fathers did when they
establish the United States of America
the idea was to establish a place where
you have an experiment in
self-government and that's never existed
before in the
world and this is what the United States
represents to the rest of the world
outside of us yeah
I mean this is what we again I keep
saying we it's not a wheat but with the
people that establish the United States
dead was they broke the mold as to how a
world superpower or a country it wasn't
exist but how a country could exist and
then that country I mean I don't think
it's a coincidence that out of just a
couple hundred years that country
emerged the greatest superpower of the
world's ever known mmm-hmm I think that
freedom allows unprecedented activity in
terms of innovation in terms of
creativity and not being suppressed and
not being in total fear for your life
for any form of dissent mmm-hmm
so any and this is this goes back to not
just religion but any sort of any group
yeah any any any group that's in control
of any sort of a situation as soon as
you suppress all the other people mm-hmm
you you limit their ability to
contribute right right and this is what
is existed all throughout Europe and
would existed all throughout Asia all
throughout the rest of the world yeah
when the United States came along and
then when the United States came along
all the sudden you have this
unprecedented development and growth in
this one place where people are allowed
to be free yeah where we support free
expression we support free religion each
for freedom of religion and we separate
church and state yeah and this is one of
the reasons why these things are so
important so when you get like religious
fundamentalist wackos that say this is
country was founded on Christian values
that doesn't matter
and doesn't matter if you're a peaceful
Muslim if you're a peaceful Buddhist if
you're a peaceful Mormon whatever the
fuck it is we should all embrace each
other we should allow each other a
hundred percent freedom and as soon as
someone starts restricting that freedom
and restricting people's ability to
express themselves you run into real
problems because then you don't let
these things play out in their natural
order you don't let ideas play out where
people get to examine those ideas yeah
and change like look if you look at some
of the more suppressive areas of the
Middle East the real problem is that
these people live not just as many real
problems but one of the real problems is
people live in fear so there's no real
freedom of
and there's also this real desire for
conformity his real desire to establish
that you are a part of the group that is
one of the good ones
that's going to abide by the rules and
you are going to show everyone else that
you were a part of this group whether it
means throwing gay people off buildings
or throwing rocks at women or soldiers
all that stuff I was just gonna say like
your life actually depends on usin for
me yes I was with my friend the other
day who's gay and he was saying that
you're a gay friend he just stopped the
show one just come on come on
and it really how close he's close comes
over your house so close whoa I didn't
realize he can't go to half of the
planet as an open gay man oh yeah he
can't go to Russia he can't go to all of
the Middle East there's parts of age
like they will kill you yeah if you're
gay in those areas I mean talk about I
mean right what's gonna make a city
flourish then gay people coming in with
bold ideas let's go I mean I saw them
changed parts of New York like it was
nobody's business well and also I think
that like the the the what's great about
gay folks is when gay folks are embraced
and they're allowed to be themselves
oh my can express that and then you get
to see that like there's a there's such
a giant spectrum of the way people
behave and think in the things that they
love and if you don't allow people to
express their position on that spectrum
then you don't even know it exists right
then you create all sorts of deviance
because you know you're forcing them
into some unnatural pattern which is one
of the things that I think about the
Catholic Church I think part of the
problem is that these people are
suppressed sexually like incredibly
suppressed not just suppressed in terms
of their whether they're homosexual or
heterosexual but there's no sex you're
not allowed to have any sex right yeah
so how's it gonna come out it's fucking
insane it's like sin saying in denial of
the fact that you need to drink water
and it's so upsetting because I'm really
kind of searching a little bit because I
was raised Catholic and I did like going
I have what she has I did like going and
sitting in the pew on Sunday was
different from the other days and I yes
so here people talk about being nice to
each other and I got to see the people
from my town who you saw running around
but now they're just sitting there
quietly and praying there was goodness
to it and they went out and fed the
homeless there was good stuff that came
from it and she wants that I get that
and now you're sitting in an institution
though then you know the backstory of
what's going on it's you know how do you
sit there yeah how do you sit there so
I'm said to her last night we should
just go to yoga satisfy your spiritual
side right but their wacky to man I mean
oh look I go to a Bikram yoga I go to
hot yoga yeah 90 minute hot yoga and
that guy I don't think he's allowed to
come in this country no he's the guy who
made Bikram now know that I do not think
he's a best case he got a little rapey
well he definitely got a little he took
advantage of his privilege his position
our well yeah I guess you could say
power but the reverence that people had
towards him yeah they felt like he was a
guru and so he would get these girls
alone yeah and he would make him suck
his dick or whatever right but I think
see now this I'm getting this is very
dangerous waters but I was having a
conversation with a woman who is a she's
actually an instructor and she said
listen that guy is definitely creepy but
let me tell you something a lot of those
girls not only knew what he was about
but they wanted to be with him mm-hmm
they wanted to be with him because of
his power and because he represented
something special to them and then when
he just like shot a load in their mouth
and then kicked him to the curb then
they became angry and decided they were
molested they went into it willingly I
do not know if she's accurate or
inaccurate it was I was not there and
I'm not a woman yeah but I do know that
people have like I remember women
throwing nothing themselves but making
it like very clear that they were they
had deep admiration for my martial arts
instructor
when I was when I was a young kid and I
was practicing Taekwondo yeah I remember
these women they were so in awe of my
martial arts instructor because he
represented the master of something that
they were deeply enamored by mm-hmm and
I think that's also what happens with
these yoga people yeah it's seductive
yes you know it's seductive you know
there's and and also with something like
that it's very physical and mental and
spiritual it's it's sexual its sexual
like yoga is yeah look I've never had
any sex with anybody but I'm telling you
when everybody's in there sweating and
and mistake 'add I'm wearing these
little fucking shorts and the girls
wearing these little schwartz and and
the teacher goes around and she like
calls you out it's like oh she likes me
yes I can understand how some of those
people get intimate with each other
after this is all over because they're
they're so close to being naked and
sweating together right you know and
your friend is right in that there were
some women I'm sure who wanted to be
with him yes but it's he's not
dismissing any rapey shit either but
it's his responsibility because he has
the power and knows what he's wielding
like in a workplace kind of thing it's
up to you to be the woman puts the
brakes on it that's where it gets
interesting
yes he does not seem to think that he
does have any responsibility at all for
the people that are working for him
teaching these classes and Jeff like he
was right he did this HBO documentary
was fucking they did this HBO interview
about him it was so ridiculous this is
the Bikram guy yeah yeah he goes there a
woman that will pay 1 million dollars
for one drop of my sperm he says this
see we can find the video so he's fully
aware crazy crazy yeah he was he was
dismissing the idea that he would ever
sexually assault anyone
he's like why would I do that when these
women that will pay 1 million dollars
for one drop of my sperm
well it wasn't yeah why it wasn't yeah
it wasn't
Bryant Gumbel wasn't there did I think
they're discussing it right they're
discussing this out of that comment you
got to see the guy because he looks like
because he said the comment to a woman
and she was like this she was like what
in the fuck did you say
[Laughter]
HBO's very Kramer breaks down million
dollars per interview shit do you say
where people go wait yeah holy shit
yeah there's some things that are it's
calling that you would call beyond the
pale yeah I love just seeing picked you
hear these stories then you see him he's
like you're like grandpa he's like all
loose skinned and he's balding and but
that's the thing it's like when you're
in a power of a powerful position like
that he's a very spiritual and people
will pay 1 million dollars what does it
say from being circumspect a real sport
the 7 year old went off on a rant
claiming 5,000 women a day want to sleep
with him four have committed suicide
over his charms and people would pay 1
million dollars for a drop of his sperm
see now I read a few lives in that world
I would just shoot loads every day and
then retire if you if you just drank ate
a lot of sink a lot of zinc and like
what makes loads oysters celery yeah
really
yes our vegan nonsense now began the
celery adds to the pop celery people
that's like some fucking celery Lobby no
it's true celery does how do you know I
remain red something porn people right
mmm celery yeah celery you know what's
Jamie got here oh here it is lying the
most beautiful famous rich women in the
world you have to sleep with women then
have to sleep you know 5000 girl every
day she cried thousand women a day want
to sleep with you decided four of them
you're saying that for different women
for different women
each killed himself because you wouldn't
have sex well don't why I am
harassing women people's pay $1,000,000
for one drop of my sperm
million-dollar-a-day every drop and that
idiot are dumb to believe those trash to
women at the trash yep I picked them
from trash and give them life oh my god
it looks pretty good for a 70 year old
oh my god
the last very long yeah get it dry up
real quick yeah they get gross do you
know why an oh man yeah
so that spiritual thing like the heads
but that's yeah yeah it's like the
problem with it is you're still an
animal right so if they have it's like
we were talking about before where the
Wolves gone these surplus kills and they
kill all these elk and they don't eat
them
yeah again Wyoming there was a recent
issue there was a teen elk that were
killed by wolves and these surplus
killings
the real tragedy yeah these wolves can't
help themselves it's just their
instincts so his instincts as a man he
has instincts to procreate right his
instincts to respond to women that are
sexually attracted to him and he teaches
these classes in front of hundreds and
thousands of people and everybody loves
and adores him so in his fucked up
twisted brain yeah everything that he
said there made sense my favorite part
of it was that woman Andrea when she
when she clarified yes so you're saying
you're saying four women have committed
to it like I want this motherfucker has
to be clear his nonsense there he is she
doesn't change her expressions she's
just like so you're saying yeah I mean
look at that girl right now he's
standing on top of a woman's hips as
she's bent over backwards that girl is
like he wants me he's standing over me
this is late I've taken a lot of yoga
classes nobody ever stood on my hips now
they're like hey bro but I do like it
when you're doing yoga and they come
over and they like push your legs down
and like yeah a little assisted retching
oh shit I just spilled I spilled wine
leave it there bro let it sink in it's
good for the the patina
I'm learning those those terms the
patina
so laid out there so when you're in the
church the Church of yoga home or
wheelchair and you're abusing your power
mmm that's a different animal because
you're dealing abusing with children
yeah it's you know it's a totally
different animal when we taken
six-year-olds and abusing them it's a
different animal yeah you know I mean
like it's like there's levels of shit
right like the guy killing his brother
is horrific to me the guy killing his
brother's wife more horrific the guy
killing his brother's wife and then
kid's impossible demonic it's like the
book you were saying earlier like do you
believe in good or evil yeah I don't
know if I believe in it but if it did
exist it exists in in the mind of men
yeah and exist in in that time you know
you know or if yeah but you know it's
like what I had this bit that I did in
my last special and it was about men's
rights groups and there's a I I was
trying to figure out a way to say this
and make it be funny but it's so true
that I said men commit most of the
murder
men commit most of the rape men caused
all the war this is these are facts hmm
like the most horrific things in our
life are war yeah murder rape those are
the most horrific things yeah in all of
life means that pales in comparison and
I think men steal more than women too
yeah what but that that's the evil this
is if there was a demon and the demon
came down to earth he was only three
things that it could get you to do yeah
he would get you to rape murder and
cause war right so if a demon was real
yeah demon would be men I get I I said
this as a joke that I get feminists look
in the special it was like I get it if I
was a feminist I'd be one too mm-hmm
like I can't be one as a man because
they're not real cuz like male feminists
like they're just tricksters they're
just like show me a male feminist that
can pick up heavy things and run really
fast right you don't exist you have a
limited parameter where you're allowed
to be a male feminist but yeah but I get
it yeah and I look at the actions of men
if you're an objective person you take
yourself out of the human race and you
look at all all human beings and you
look at the horror that not that women
haven't done awful shit and falsely
accused people and killed their
kids and we've done all those things
sure some women some but the vast
majority of Horrors yeah have been have
been yeah by men yeah I know it's like I
know it's a very primitive way to look
at the world that there's good and evil
and it exists in these certain ways pot
that's good it's all good all right but
a little hit of that don't get crazy I'm
worried that I won't be funnier after I
do this let's say dude you like Elon
Musk you're a goddamn parent pioneer
Jaime's going for three I think that
3-day me has hit problem if you if you
see a video of the floor really are in a
cloud of what's in May is amazing to me
is that this is now a hundred percent
legal here it's so still not federally
right well that's what was funny about
the Elon thing when Yvonne smoked it
here it was like it's totally legal it's
totally ok but in everyone's minds
they're still like no it's not yeah well
they need to let it go and this yeah why
they need to let it go we're on your
side you know I'm on I'm on like this
did the good people of government law
enforcement Fire Department and military
the good people come on your side man
yeah and I'm a STONER yeah I'm on your
side I'm on your side a thousand million
percent and making it legal actually
helps all that because you don't have to
go after these phony wars against it it
doesn't just do that it makes people
more compassionate I know it makes
people look it's like everything else
you can abuse beating off you know I
remember when I was a million dollars a
drop 1 million dollars for one drop of
my sperm you know if you're a person
that gets obsessed with masturbation
yeah like you could ruin your life yeah
there's people that are poor in
addictions where they watch porn 810
hours a day and they can't stop right
this is like everything yeah it's I
think you can ruin yourself with sugar
you can ruin yourself with food you can
ruin yourself with with laziness yeah
you can get into a habit where you just
can't get up yeah you know you can get
into a comfort zone we just want to take
baths
yeah shit like yeah no I know exactly
yeahthere's did Roseann say she did that
after Oliver bullshit went out she just
got in the bath all the time drank wine
was I heard they said that is their safe
space apologize it wasn't so so anyways
I know it's a very basic way I mean
we've been talking about good and evil
since the time of the men were able and
women were able to you know write and
and philosophize and uh but it it I
don't know it just seems to me lately
like I've C it feels to me like evil and
good is actually a force that were
struggling with you know and I know
there's I know like some people would
say that's kind of a you know a
primitive way of thinking but I do kind
of feel like it actually is a very real
tangible thing and that what makes you
think this these your personal feelings
is it based on like your intuition like
what is it I
yeah it's intuition it's like a vibe
it's like a it's just like a maybe
because I'm showing up a church and kind
of like searching a little bit myself
and I I am very much about good people
doing good things and I've just been
kind of conscious of it but then there's
always like these this rise of evil that
like comes up like what all sudden white
supremacist or these riots or these
horrible things against people in
different parts of the world and it's it
seems like it's this non knowing
struggle look almost like it why hasn't
it caught up yet to the way you look at
the world a lot of people look at the
world yeah it's a lot of people look at
the world like like if Tom Papa if you
were in charge and if you had to push
all the buttons that would sort of
decide how people behaved yeah that was
a possible thing of course one of the
first thing you do is eliminate all the
violence right all the horrors of the
world yeah and if and then also I'm
sorry to cut you off but you also see
that all those Horrors are done by these
men and stuff who when you sit and like
kind of analyze them and they've been
the victims of a lot of things and
there's like genetic victimization and
social and it's like so where's that
coming from
why are these this kid that could have
been okay
ends up in this life of crime and ends
up murdering somebody and where's that
coming from is this just a genetic
mutation or is there like a force of
good and evil I think we're still we're
still dealing with the echoes of the
past that's what I really firmly believe
and I think also the way maybe you and I
have in this conversation the way a lot
of people are having these conversations
today just like us mm-hmm but basically
the same sort of rational people sitting
around with no agenda going wises exist
all those horrors of life why why is all
this injustice why is that there yeah I
think this is the we haven't been here
that long I just really think that's
that's real and I think we need to
absorb that much better our time spent
in modern civilization versus the time
of life on Earth is a joke the time on
life on earth and in relationships the
time of the universe is a joke right the
numbers are insane
yeah I can't understand that we we
literally were monkeys just a couple
weeks ago right well yeah the bit that I
have my act about the United States
being founded in 1776 yeah that's three
people ago
yeah that's three people go really yes
yeah that's nothing so three people ago
people were these creatures that had to
make fire right you stay warm they
didn't have electricity they didn't have
engines yeah they they made boats out of
trees and they use the wind to drift
across the ocean while staring at the
Stars with a fucking a gigantic harp
looking thing right was that thing a
sextant yeah the things that you figure
out where the other ones are she had a
trusted these motherfuckers had mapped
out the universe well that was because
you make it across the ocean yeah and a
lot of people died of scurvy along the
way like fuck man that is crazy not long
ago
dude that's so goddamned recent yeah
when I was listening to Dan Carlin's
hardcore history one of the best podcast
ever have you I don't know if you're not
so good but he has this thing on the
Mongols called the wrath of the cons
and what freaked me out is not just how
crazy that world was back then and what
unbelievable damage and destruction the
Mongols created and how they just
conquered empires just moved across the
world killed millions and millions of
people but was really fucked up was I
think Google this to make sure I'm not
wrong I think that was only like 1200 BC
I don't think that was that long ago
right yeah it's really recent that's
really recent
I think Genghis Khan died in the 1200 s
if I remember correctly hundred ad not
BC ad oh what did I say BC I actually
meant ad yeah I said BC but it really
did mean ad which brings more reason
I'm a little stoned for a lot more
reason but that 1200 well twelve
necessity would still be still be pretty
fucking recent but 1200 ad which is what
I meant to say right so recent yes
that's just not that long ago yeah
that's a wine eight sour years ago right
yeah ish other way 792 792 years ago a
guy killed 50 million people during his
lifetime with his actions right they
changed the carbon footprint of the
world I mean they know it's asteroid I
mean they they so then you're saying
it's right you're saying it's more
surprising that we're doing this kind of
stuff
yeah and that we have electric cars and
medicine and all this other kind of like
it's more surprising that we're doing
that than it is that people are running
around killing him right each other
Nazi Germany do that was 1940s it's
crazy that's maybe crazier than anything
you know if you and Carlin has some
great stuff on that too in the history
of World War one and World War two but
if you're you're you're watching a
documentary on that and you're watching
those people move around especially that
one that you showed me Jamie that's been
digitally remastered when you see it in
color is that is it Ken Burns it to that
yeah I think so they digitally
remastered some footage from World War
one and you get to watch these people
move around like in real time yeah you
realize like oh these are just these are
people they're just just like you I know
and this is like a hundred years
to go years ago we're involved in this
crazy-ass war and then a few years later
involved in another crazy-ass war yeah
so why can't we figure it out dude
because how evil is present I don't know
I think I think it used to be the only
way the people got by I think feeling
all together and I think from going from
small groups of people which like in
these small groups of people they would
have interpersonal conflicts they would
have fights with members in the tribe
but they would sort it out and there
would probably be some sort of rule that
they would all try to live by but then
they would get invaded by people that
didn't have anything and we're looking
for your stuff mhm and they came over
the top of the hill and they killed and
they raped and they stole women and they
just did that for a long-ass time man
they did that for a long-ass time this
was the history of the steps like that
Dan Carlin maps out in this Wrath of
Khan thing makes me go Jesus Chris
imagine being born thin right imagine
just imagine how crazy that meant being
a baby
that's seeing arrows flying around open
do people are lighting people on fire
and launching them on two roofs with
catapults right this is the footage from
World War one so look how they digitally
remastered it and yeah Peter Jackson's
signature ups the movie I believe or a
documentary that's the craziest thing
when you look at history and you think
that well that was then it's like no
they're just us just happened to be
there really no different than you and
me dude we haven't been here this long
we haven't been here this long
this is the thing like people that look
like this that are wearing like uniforms
and that are you know have like decent
stuff nice wheels to their wagons all I
can get that's real recent man no I know
it's recent as fuck and there's been a
bunch of different ways that people have
done it you know it even like the
Egyptians but isn't the act of like okay
so we know like that guy lit his house
on fire yeah we know that is a just
instinctually
we know and have known during even all
of us this history we've known that that
is evil like right you know what I mean
it's insanely selfish it's not like
went from having to like eat each other
and that we're trying to get our act
together know what I mean
there is a we all know that that is such
a evil evil thing I think it exists I
think we have to fight it well it's it
is evil but it's ego that's causing that
right that guy didn't want to go to jail
it didn't want to shoot himself mm-hmm
he didn't want to kill himself and
didn't want to go to jail so he decided
he was gonna kill a bunch of people to
make up a story he had a plot and his
plot was to save himself all right you
know and that's when people get trapped
in a situation where they're allowed to
make decisions and they're allowed to
you know if not allowed to what if they
choose to make decisions and those
decisions are horrific and then they
have to somehow or another justify those
decisions because they never look at
their own behavior there was a judge
other people this is a pattern that
people fall into yeah there was looking
for other people to always be wrong
right and they never grow and so like a
guy like that if he was so psychotic
that he could kill somebody and then he
has this decision to make and this
decision is to kill the wife and the
kids still like he's just like always
got to be right you know I'm saying like
he's always he's got it he's trying to
cover his tracks he's trying to lie
always like this is a type of person I
could do something like that yeah
there's a horrific panner thought it
might have been triggered by the murder
itself so it's just a chemical flip in
his brain that says now I can kill
people like he hasn't done his whole
life and he's just going to the subway
and getting a sandwich with all the
stuff on it and just be this like
watching the Monday Night Football and
then the next week he's like something
flips and his brain is like no now I can
kill I don't think it's all the people
that I know and love I think in a fit of
rage and a fit of rage he does something
horrific and I think he's one of those
people that tries to justify his actions
so it just totally tries to figure out a
way where he can justify it that they're
gonna be in hell anyway because the
guy's dead you know they'd probably
think you know I mean thinking that deep
he could you think what crazy man they
come up with justification yeah but we
came from Mesa like we said before this
is an Italian dude like us right but he
could have also we
don't know if it's medicated do we know
that you know that's a it's a big
warning chemistry mm-hmm we don't know
what he was doing you know I mean he
could have been on something which you
know makes people do horrific things do
you think you believe in karma I think
for sure that when you put energy out
there it affects things around you in
terms of the way people interact with
you and that in turn affects the way
they will interact with other people as
well and I think there's like there's
there's a certain amount there's an
energy you put out it's you could call
it that but that makes it sound like you
got a crystal in your pocket right not
really
Energy's real it's like energy is a real
thing there's a real right if I was if I
was a murderer and came and sat in here
there'd be a different vibe than what
you're feeling from me yeah for sure you
know what I mean for sure yeah a chronic
masturbator well it's also people that
are off and then struggling with the
fact that they've done something awful
it was like an energy to that yeah it's
like a constantly being on edge energy
yeah every crime and punishment its dos
EF yeah I never read that oh you should
read it
no it's so he kills someone and this is
the he's carrying the it's the guilt
greatest description of the guilt just
carrying that thing now that guy's gonna
emit an energy but you don't think
there's karma just for like you do
something bad in this ocean so I think
that'll happen I think I genuinely
believe and this is no crystals in my
pocket I genuinely believe that if you
do something that you know to be awful
mm-hmm that that has an equal effect
coming back at you uh-huh like whatever
bad that you've put out in terms of like
doing something evil to a person then
the way you feel personally like about
yourself you will take an equal blow I
really believe that and where's that
blow come from I think comes from your
own introspective thinking I think
you're doing it to yourself and worse
you know you might even feel worse than
that / you'd say something rude to a
person just because you're tired and
then you realize you said some rude no
you
oh why did I do that any mean and then
they could be like Tom Pappas direct
it's not really not I just I'm so tired
you know and you just asked me something
stupid I'm sorry it's like it's hard to
turn that around yeah you know yeah so
you might hate yourself more than they
even get mad at you so Karma's really
you dealing with the energy it's not the
universe saying now something bad is
gonna happen to you you're kind of
creating it with your own actions and
your own stuff I think it's real
dangerous when we pretend that we have
any sort of real understanding of the
patterns of all the events that take
place in the world so when you start to
say like someone something happened to
someone because of karma that's okay the
problem was saying that is what about
babies what about babies with leukemia
were they bad babies right what happened
why did they get cancer why they died
young right why did they die in car so
they why should they that doesn't make
any sense they'd have never done
anything bad there baby but that's what
you could say that you know bad shit
happens to us all hmm but can you create
more bad shit
you're a possible cook too and it's also
entirely possible that you're creating
more bad shit but feeling bad about
yourself because you've done bad shit so
to create more of this negative energy
that you carry around with you I think
that's entirely possible too but I think
that we also have this weird need to
define things you know and I think that
we're looking to this thing that we're
calling Karma and we're saying that this
is like this this definite correlation
between action and reaction and between
the good you put out there and the good
that comes back mm-hmm and my take is
that I think there's definitely
something going on but I don't think I
should define it yet because I don't
think we really know and I think as soon
as we box it up and and say it's this
thing and this is the the absolute
reaction that the world has when you put
good out there good comes back good and
I all the time folks yet people die I
think we're I think there's I think
there is an energy yeah and the you know
we know it from the work that we do I
think it's Bo and you stand on stage
yeah there's an energy in that room that
transference between you and the people
that are out there and you're playing
with it and
it's a real thing yeah it's a very real
thing it's like hypnosis well yeah yeah
yeah it is and and then they can they
can reverse hip hypnotize you they can
bring this other energy but the other
way so that there is this energy of all
of us out there and running around it's
it's not that far to think then there
couldn't be good energy and there's bad
energy and there's and is that
ultimately good and evil maybe it is all
generated from human beings maybe if you
educated everyone and they could all be
kind and try and come in it that way we
could actually feel that there was more
good but that's just more good coming
from people I don't know well if you
want to get really Spacey with this
Shirley really Spacey it's the holidays
you go ok well what what exactly are
people doing that's what you do you what
are people doing hmm what are they doing
like what's our purpose to be looking
here look at us from an outside
perspective like pretend you're not a
person right and you're looking at all
the people like what are they doing yeah
they're moving really fast they're
spending most their time doing things
they don't want to do and they're buying
stuff bustling around so because they're
throwing all this money at stuff this
stuff keeps getting better so every year
the stuff keeps getting more complex and
more capable and more high-tech and more
space-age this is bananas man I'm gonna
watch I can call fucking Dick Tracy man
yeah right yeah and that as people keep
going on and on and on and on with this
stuff this is we need some sort of
energy behind this innovation and a lot
of the Energy's conflict conflict and
resolution conflict and resolution
conflict and victory victory and defeat
and if defeat makes you work harder and
and there's all these like interacting
forces that are constantly moving
together I'm with you and that this a
lot of it is expressed the success of
this little game has expressed in
material possessions the success in this
game has expressed in Hamptons mansions
and private jets and Bentley's and Pam
I'm winning this fucking crazy game of
stuff and there's a lot of value in
winning the crazy game whoo stuff so we
let these people acquire all this stuff
and you got all these diamond
that's key yeah but this is this is
forcing more stuff to be made better and
more innovation which will eventually
this is where it gets space just of all
I'm waiting for this part this is gonna
be what people become people are gonna
become some sort of symbiotic organism
or something that's tied into
electronics and that this it's happening
now right it's happening slowly and
we're making it with stuff and as we
keep making stuff it's eventually gonna
get to a part the what the thing you'd
like to do more than anything have it in
Han store experience on earth right
right I want to be able to take pictures
yes yes I wanna be able to email people
yes yes yeah but I also wanna I want it
to make my experience on earth better
mm-hmm
well then we're gonna have to integrate
with your circuitry Tom papa and then
live forever maybe maybe that's what the
organisms are trying to do with their
tour is getting that get rid of the
monkey that wants to start the wars all
the time
mm-hmm right it's unlikely to that
records that out of our goofy-ass just
to beat evil if only some there would be
a great science-fiction movie well if
this is the future and they probably
were already made it but if only some
people went on board with a new
enlightenment that you get from these
like headsets uh-huh like remember the
dude from Star Trek the one guy yeah
which like from Sesame Street he was he
used to be on Sesame Street right yeah
he was the Lavar braiding rainbow levar
yeah reasoning about levar burton
marburg yeah yeah if we all had those
things on there was only like ten of
them what if I gone into those people
bought into it and those things
completely cure you
mm-hmm of any just moving along I think
that uh I don't know I mean there was
maybe there is no purpose to us being
here boys filter that's a really good
cool air filter
[Laughter]
and Chevy yeah you barb added that at
the auto parts store and put it in your
dokuro dope old ones man when a fucking
unscrew the chrome hubcap down I always
liked a good wing nut and people don't
remember man these people today you
don't remember what gas smells like oh
man you could fix your own car
you could open it up and with a
screwdriver and a high school education
fix your automobile
I was never smart enough or
knowledgeable enough to fix my own car
but I could do little things I can
change my oil yeah I do a lot of things
with oh yeah exactly
house just redid the brakes once I did
the brakes did the brakes that's a bold
move when you're wrong I was poor buying
brake pads was a lot cheaper than having
some one guy know that did you have it
up on a jack how'd you put it up on a
jack everyone in a cinder block that
held it underneath and damn it was a
little nice it was a light little car at
little pads mm-hmm put them in I
probably had to get it fixed after that
but but yeah you could fix stuff there
was like a time when you could actually
and you felt good but but yeah if you
had to choose between one of those
fucking rickety shit boxes that's like a
rhinoceros on rollerskates versus your
Tesla fucking no and I wouldn't put I
wouldn't put my kids in one of those
yeah that we were driving around in
those death traps
dude no steering no airbags hydroplane
at the drop of a hat
they were so engine heavy remember it
was just big ass engines in the front
they didn't know how to just slide all
over the place it was so easy to slide
your car back there it was totally beat
with your friends just like yeah hitting
out in this course today they figured
out how to balance them that's like
that's the big deal like if you like a
Tesla or anything you buy a fucking
Camry okay that Camry handles way better
than a 69 Camaro yeah fucking no I want
you to see what the death-rate way
better of on the roads now with like new
car
it's gotta be it's probably much better
I mean people they're much safer anymore
but there are driving much faster too
yeah but you don't have to drive very
fast for it to be fatal
they just didn't know how to make stuff
everything was ruling class just look
acyl metal and fucking sparks and it's
fumes fumes were everywhere you've been
driving be getting high from the fumes
right I remember when I was working for
a fireplace company in the summer in New
Jersey and I was in a truck and we're in
this truck in traffic on the New Jersey
Turnpike right by Newark Airport and
just the fumes from everything from the
city from the cars
it was just orange in the humidity of
New Jersey I was like if I get cancer
this is gonna be the day that it that it
hit me and it makes people crazy it's
like it's like throwing alcohol on fire
if it's breathing that dust all day so
disgusting pull up a video of the exam
of the exhaust of a 1969 Camaro there is
something - something - there's
something smell of gas is a good smell
it's not just that man if that sound
yeah there's a sound oh how about this
one even better 1960s 1970s Revell SS
doesn't evil about that sound yeah that
is America
drive one of those motherfuckers around
is very cool I mean they are they
represent in a lot of ways what's great
about America yeah the excess Nicholas
exactly not giving a shit it's just so
obvious let's go at the time fucking
giant metal explosion contained in the
front of the hood that's all that is a
giant ass explosion box look at this
whoo that's the 69 is it
oh good lord but you know I oh my god
this guy this guy
this is gloriousness you see heaven on
earth right here
1969 Chevelle look how pretty that car
is man if this guy's across the street
from me and I'm looking out with my
coffee out of my window and he comes
pulling out without his Saturday morning
you know what I'm saying what this guy's
an asshole do you hear her be with his
new car you say that but I guarantee you
if you were the next door and you just
walked over and looked at it it would
catch you in it spell cross the street
it's just racket Jesus Christ
why is your crime after be so loud yeah
but if she's right next to you like wow
1969 huh and you'll start walking around
it's pretty badass oh it's beautiful
yeah they it's not you can't make a car
like that today cuz it's not even
remotely aerodynamic it's not a virgin
hammock it's not fuel-efficient it's not
safe there's a beautiful man they nailed
it they hit this sweet spot and art and
engineering that is the one part of the
American experience recklessness yeah
that's what drives everything that there
there is that element of
balls-to-the-wall let's see what happens
let's discover and you could get good
things out of it right but imagine this
imagine something that's far inferior to
the modern alternative mmm-hmm but makes
you feel in a way the modern alternative
isn't capable of feeling like if you see
in 1969 like done up Mustang g/t what
was like the big one that year GTA Rock
one was at a Mach 1 what the fuck was
the 1970 was it a boss that's what it
was the 69 was like a boss and then
earlier than that they made those
Eleanore cars for that Don at 62nd but I
think those were 1967 yeah really not
that body style yeah like if you looked
at one of those next to a 2018 Mustang
the 2018 Mustangs look fucking great
they look great that's it right there
it's a Mach 1 yeah that's it oh that's
right it's red rice dude there's a
company that's making these now too
they're called classic recreations
mm-hmm and they're making these like
and new versions of that car they take
they take 1969 Mustangs and they rebuild
them but they give them like real break
so they stop good modern suspension
right they make it so you could drive it
around yeah that's that's what I'm
interested in that makes sense to me is
just pretty Mustang badass tires but
look at that how beautiful is that it
doesn't look like anything that you can
buy that's modern but nothing remotely
close no that's like vinyl they just
right there they just nailed it whatever
the fuck they did they nailed it but all
these years later were like god damn it
they nailed it right but they nailed it
first you know a certain lunk head from
New Jersey that doesn't do that for you
yeah it does but I don't know look at
that right like black hood you don't
know young people would like that I
don't know they like to start arresting
they don't like they don't do that then
they should probably go to jail
somewhere that is pretty hot that's
incredibly good-looking but it's also
stupid
Wow so sir it's just metal right in your
chest cavity
no no airbag need to do more last just
in your face it's probably a little bit
of that no I know it's junk and a car
accident drive carefully and it's a
wonderful thing to behold yeah I just my
bat Mustang when we were in high school
but if you saw something like that but
it had air back you'd be cool with it
that yeah no I'm cool with it anyway I'm
just busting balls but I think it's a
look at that little orange thing in the
middle that looks closer to what I had I
had a 76 Toyota Corolla call that up
call up in 1976 Toyota Corolla with with
the racing stripes along the side look
at that bad boy
look at that orange one in the second
row that was it I had a 1984 Honda
Accord pull shit up Jamie
84 Honda Accord were stuttering
sparkplug that's a 79 you need the 70s
those are cool little cars though that's
okay I could fix that car though that's
what I was doing the brakes on yeah it
looks like one of those something like
yeah that was white
nice little shitty car Ivan legend just
like I know what man here's the thing
that's a nice car
those fucking cars drive forever yeah
exactly
there are it's amazing how reliable
Honda's are oh yeah they're so enjoy
Otis oh my god just go forever just
having that crummy car yeah it's a good
thing but so you think back to your your
point of view of the what are these
people doing here
hmm so they're building I liked where
you were gonna make it of making stuff
for what well because everything is
electronically based and is this all
instinct is or is it being steered by
something why are we just finding our
way in the dark and this is what's
coming out or is there some plan well
that's the heavy question it's really
hard to know if there was a plan yeah I
get I get why some would be suspicious
that there would be but if you just see
the whole nature right with the starting
off of the tribal behavior and the
invasions of the others and the wars
that have taken place sort of non-stop
right yeah you get this
hyper-competitive team-oriented thing
broken into countries well I think that
with that and this like constant
competition and this constant and then
inside your country this constant
competition economically and everybody
just striving to achieve and do better
and get crazier and bigger and that this
is all leading to us just continuing to
buy stuff mm-hmm like everybody that is
involved in this is buying the newest
iPhones the newest MacBook the newest
this and most that right Xbox fucking
how many X boxes have them no let's just
say four four yeah yeah keep going get
going they're gonna go Xbox five they're
gonna you're gonna keep going it's what
everybody does they want better shit you
want VR we want VR we want
hyper-realistic VR I want VR with no
gear I want you to be able to give me a
pill and that pill releases a bunch of
nanobots that go through my circulatory
system and
my brain and juice it up with some
artificial memory I mean that's what I
want and I shit it out there like
buckshot sounds right clink yeah kidney
stone you shit it out like buckshot like
little bb's coming out your poop this is
I mean look beings always try to find
safety right that's what they want more
than anything they don't want to get
killed they want to they want to be safe
and exist eat whatever but they just
want to be they want that safety so
maybe our safety is going to come when
we're out of the woods we're out of the
wild we're out of the 20th century and
we're just these insular things that
never have to go out and about and live
forever and just be mmm could be maybe
that's what all this push of technology
is is aiming towards yeah it could be
right because you can protect ourselves
in these little cocoons and and be yeah
I mean if the ultimate threats always
violence in war right that's the
ultimate threat to the organism organism
convinced commit violence in war against
each other yeah which is why we make
doors and gates and you know stuff to
keep those things at bay yeah yeah but
it's what the most fascinating things
that people don't address like what
would what would cause a person to snap
there's no real concrete no concrete
answer what do you think is the
difference between and I'm asking this
honestly killing when you're hunting and
killing a human being I think it would
be a giant difference like way you fell
yeah how could you articulate it though
I don't know I've never killed a human
being but I would I would imagine that
it would be I mean it would have to be
some horrific situation where you're
you're battling for your life you know
which people do it does happen right you
know we were all aware of it it's the
worst possible scenario we would all
like to think that everybody that we
meet that's of sound mind should be our
brothers and sisters I mean we should
all get along right whether you agree or
disagree about certain political issues
or certain social issues like we should
be able to talk through that
as a community but like always hold at
the top that we're all in this together
and if I think that's possible I think
that's possible and I think we could
still satisfy this fucked-up desire that
we have to constantly compete we can
temper that with I would I think is the
most important thing is finding
something that you're passionate at
because I think you and I are really
really lucky that we found stand up and
through stand up we found this thing
that we're passionate at and we have a
good time and we have fun mm-hmm some
people don't have that so like if I if
you were offered a job as a stockbroker
and this is a guaranteed job you have a
guaranteed contract for the next 20
years you're gonna make five times as
much as you make doing stand-up he can't
do stand-up anymore
you would never take that no so even
though you're a guy who does well you're
not a business person you're a guy
following your passion right and it's
allowed you to live a nice life
but that doesn't it's not the same as a
lot of people what a lot of people are
doing is just chasing the money so the
the passion doesn't exist and they can
manufacture that passion when it comes
to like some desire to see their their
team kick ass because their company's
number one to be the word yeah it could
be could be really that they are into
succeeding in the business world and
that's their passion they there's a lot
of people that like that right but it's
not the same as a guy like David Cho
who's like a professional artist who's
making he's he just follows his passion
right he does what he wants there's a
different kind of achievement there's a
feeling that he has the way he
interfaces with what he does for a
living that's different than what a lot
of people do so I would imagine that
artists would probably less inclined to
go crazy and spend all their money on
stuff and buy things that make them look
better or make them feel better about
the fact that they work so because
they're not trying to fill a hole that
right right but if you're just you have
a job for a company that you don't
really give a fuck about you don't
really give a fuck about styrofoam
coolers hmm you know you really don't
give a fuck about fucking yeah those
rubber bands that people buy when they I
don't give a fuck about this company
right you're right a fucking guy does
your business oh yeah okay well we you
know we can give them tea for 1796 if we
can work this through Bob
talking about thousand bucks or want to
be like I want to be fish in right guy
wants to be doing something else yeah
you don't you you're insanely fortunate
that you don't have that in your life no
but I think I don't think those people
look a lot of people have jobs that
they're not into but they the reason
we're lucky is that our job is our
passion a lot of people have the job
that they're maybe not into but they
love this other stuff that they do they
love being with their family and keep
teaching soccer or they love skiing or
whatever like their passion is something
else yes it's like we're lucky that our
passion is our work like to combine
those things that is a very very unique
thing it's the most insanely lucky thing
and ever you know me just but I think
that for people that are like hyper
competitive that don't find a thing that
they really love mm-hmm then it really
for many of them becomes about pursuing
the best stuff yeah and you this is what
fuels so many people for like these
status symbols like if you have an
iPhone 8 with if a kid sees you with an
iPhone 8 and they got an iPhone 10 weird
they can basically do the exact same
thing yeah I Phone 8 has a fucking
killer champion eight you know it's like
the battery's pretty simia are tiny yeah
baby but for status seeking people right
very important that you have the latest
stuff like you can't be walking around
like David tell the other day with the
iPhone to there's nothing about it tell
it is searching for status no he's like
I was saying that he's like a monk you
know way he is yeah yeah you're right
he's smart you know he's very brilliant
guy he knows he knows what's healthy for
man what's not so that's yeah it'll help
but all his other stuff like he stopped
drinking and ya know he cleaned himself
up really well and the cigarettes are
the only vice he has cigarettes and
coffee who's saying that's his vice he's
a he's a poet amongst us like yeah he's
he's somebody that yeah that he's
special it really is and he's a really
good guy
ya know he's so kind he's
so kind just being around in his orbit I
love four years every year New York he
loved I love the two of them together
ya know it's really awesome it's so
funny I never would have seen that
coming when I was when we were all young
in New York I never I never would have
saw him now those two Yeah right doing
it I don't know what not for any real
reason but it just never saw them
intersecting I never would have saw any
of us doing something like that yeah
you're doing live shows together yeah
that's a great idea it's like some of
those shows you see those pictures from
the Comedy Cellar yeah you know one
o'clock in the morning like Dave
Chappelle's on stage with Chris Rock and
yeah looking around you know there's
always like three guys on stage that's
crazy I know I never I never understand
that either but being around to tell
like watching him all through the years
like he would always surprise you like
when someone's father died or something
happen I tell was always front and
center like helping out giving people
money like there's - Jimmy Caan guy yeah
and another force of good yeah a real
force of good and a guy who like comics
should really appreciate like if you're
a fan of the art form like David tells
really someone to appreciate it because
yeah always creative it's it's like it's
never douchey as always thanks for the
memories that's one of my all-time
favorite shit is hilarious that is so
fun is a hilarious CD man and I think he
did that in Denver yeah yeah I think he
did that the comedy work oh yeah Wendy's
Play Doh very cool yeah yeah that
fucking in Denver that CDs brilliant
yeah he's so good yeah I mean to answer
what you're saying yeah your face here
and it's photo I think that was when he
was doing insomnia too right yeah that
was them partying days yeah he says he
says such a smart guy like he just
decided at one point hey this is fucking
me up no more drinking - no more
drinking no more show I'm gonna do this
mm-hmm think it's attracting
negativity to my shows you know and
setting me up as a guy it's gonna drink
himself into oblivion
no he was smart he pulled the pull the
cord
yeah those those you you're the party
guy you're the life of the party guy
he's heartburn this it burnt down yeah
what's his endgame yeah or it talked
around white he's he's doing it with us
and run white run White's not bacon I
tell you exactly Ron White's doing he's
riding that fucking boat right into the
rock it is he doesn't give a fuck and
he's doing it with a tequila company
Happy Holidays
cheers my friend I set up my train under
my tree NUMA what is it numero Juan is
that his uh tequila company I just said
I set my train up under my tree and you
still show glom on tequila did you have
photos or videos of this train on your
tree um I think I didn't put anything on
the Instagram probably it wouldn't be
real if it wasn't I love it stuff in
your life my kids are getting older
there's like 16 and 13 and they were at
school and I'm setting up the village
under the tree and the train tracks and
all the people like shop around the
village and I was like doing it on my
own because they don't have time to
really do it and I was like this is how
people become the guy in the
neighborhood is like bring your children
around look at my train set because your
family leaves and you're like are there
any children around look at my train set
I could totally see myself doing that at
some point totally well there's those
dudes that they go Wall Close Encounters
of the Third Kind yeah but make that
giant one in the middle of the living
room the plywood on the horse like yeah
you that guy yeah you make a train
around that yeah it's not that far it's
really I can't remember his name Richard
Dreyfuss to course Jesus Christ Richard
Dreyfuss a great movie well doctor he's
been great in so many things it was like
always the unassuming guy jaws yeah man
I mean him as the film artist he was he
was Spielberg's alter ego really yeah
be so good yeah he's so good in
everything looks so young there he was
man man oh man what a fucking movie this
was cuz I wanted to believe so bad oh
yeah I so wanted to believe they got me
hey did you talk about Daniel Berg did
you talk about that alien craft that
came into her what happened we turned to
our galaxy you did then won't the
Hawaiian name know so it's over you
didn't hear about that one the one that
looks like a joint
yeah looks for a big piece of poo yeah
that's just a big rowdy copter it's just
a weird rock I think now they said that
uh some like legit people said that it
changed speed and went in different
directions and yet people legit people
ho scientists Oh them guys said that it
was uh it could be something hmm could
be what is neil degrasse he say about it
he's not talking right now yeah he's in
a little bit of a kerfuffle kerfuffle
what's this Jim Harvard scientists say
aliens may explain bizarre interstellar
object yeah I saw that and then I saw
someone refuting Harvard scientists
Harvard nobody wants to believe more
than me bro come on Joe it's real well
if I was gonna mask my spaceship to fly
through the galaxy I would definitely
make it look like a big rock yeah like a
big asteroid right why wouldn't you
driving through space maybe if they were
like look if we just make this thing
drive by them and don't change speeds
they'll have no idea to stink asteroid
they'll be psyched do we miss them okay
I could call good call the guys
someone just hits the gas I'm tired I
want it's fucking taking too long
what you got it the fucking cops are
behind this damn shit god damn it Dave
you're not supposed to just take off
told you 65 you fuck let's start
throwing this weed out the window why
would it be so hard to believe a space
rock traveling through space that would
be the move right I mean if they are so
advanced that they can travel through
galaxies they can make this shit look
like anything they want it to yeah when
you doll it up radiation pressure with
no rating thor's would be there was no
air in space
right so it wouldn't be aerodynamics
what would it be momentum no go down a
little bit I think it answers your
question if radiation pressure is the
accelerating force then OH mamama
represents a new class of thin
interstellar material whoa it has a
different thing that's using for energy
but as to what may have produced this
previously unseen material it could have
emerged naturally from the debris of the
planet forming discs
in a distant solar system going through
yet an unknown process
they've got a whole other way to mix we
went from Toyota Corollas to this thing
imagine as we find the only thing that
echoed it does the like a rock right
Rock hat is not smooth but it doesn't
necessarily need this is where I'm
stupid this is where places where I'm
stupid but it doesn't necessarily need
to be aerodynamic right because it's not
going through air the vacuum of space
right exactly so I'm not wrong there it
could actually look like a rock because
the only issue would be getting it into
space right the aerodynamics is assuming
that you're shooting it from a planet
with an atmosphere and gravity cannot be
talked about this way too stupid if you
shot if you like about your launching it
from earth into space right yeah what if
you had it encased in like this outer
area sort of like the space shuttle is
yeah but then once you get to a place
you could jettison the outside of it
just like they'd get rid of those
booster rockets they just fall into the
bus integrate land on people other fish
getting killed by a booster rocket fly
space and hit you in the face didn't
disintegrate but then they could do that
they could release the shell and then
they would just have the rock and the
rock would move through space and it
didn't matter what shape it was because
it's in the vacuum of space we just get
it up into orbit orbit like the space
station go and build it in pieces and
then launch it do you remember when that
commander Chris Hadfield gentleman was
on the podcast and he was talking about
some kind of magnet that they have that
collects subatomic particles out there
in the galaxy and that we only know
five percent of what the universe is
made out of my gonna talk about things
like dark matter and he was five
percents the guys scientist space a real
legit astronaut coming back from six
months in space or whatever the fuck he
was there for and telling us this Wow
we've talked about that like you can
hang with those guys for a little while
and then you're like I don't understand
what's happening now well it's also the
I mean it's amazing what we do know
amazing if they can send a guy to space
and have them fly around the ISS or yeah
I mean we'll talk about what you were
saying about why are we here and what
are we doing yeah like we haven't
developed yet something that can go the
speed of light we haven't like mmmm but
if we do then the whole universe is open
to us maybe that's what it is maybe the
struggle of developing all the stuff is
to get to a scientific level where we
can really go I don't think they think
the speed of light is even good enough
really yeah I think damn it it was my
goal I think that like if you wanted to
have options available as to what planet
you're gonna colonize you're gonna have
to who knows like what if you Lana what
do you land on a planet and it's like
hey it's 74 degrees out guys guys it's
all oxygen and nitrogen it's just like
Earth come on out here come on out of
here
but it's only been like that for ten
years and then cycle it's really fucked
up but you're thirty years from now it's
going to be a nice age again are all the
people have moved there and they're
gonna freeze to death is gonna be no
food at all and that planet doesn't give
a fuck that is all our science led us to
that I don't even know if we can predict
like here's my question
can they accurately predict the
atmosphere and the conditions and like
what the temperature would be if a
planet is from a sun-like do they have a
calculation where they say oh this Sun
is this amount of big and this planet is
this far away so it's definitely gonna
stay within a certain temperature range
for the entire time that the planet do
they know that like within like a death
range I don't know
trees they must death range is 40
degrees bro yeah you get to 140 that's a
wrap yeah you're done yeah so like
hundreds of naked
140 everyone's dead right you live in a
sauna you're gonna run out of water I
just don't think we're gonna make it
we're not okay Mikey and we're
definitely not figuring it out because
we're saying this amount of big we're
confusing the produce but seriously
think about that just as a concept like
maybe that is it maybe it's maybe all
this like you keep thinking and you know
you talked a lot about all the robots
and the things that are moving us
forward but why but why but why and I
had the cocoon theory before but maybe
that's not it maybe it's so we can
really go yeah I've had the cocoon
theory for quite a while where I think
that we are like some sort of an
electronic caterpillar that's building
some cocoon and then a butterfly is
gonna emerge because when right when I
is a collective like we'll all be part
of this I don't know I mean just the
innovation and the computers and the AI
and our integration with them that
eventually it's just gonna get smarter
and crazier and weirder yeah I mean it's
only a matter of time before they make
something that resembles a person it
sounds too insular no it sounds too
insular that it would just be for us to
stay here on earth well the universe is
so vast right that there may be I think
it's more likely that we're going to go
out of this that's a very good idea
this is the steward sense it's kind of a
sewer oh but is it though it's amazing
well it's beautiful there's parts come
on man we have a lovely life
you ever been to Utah skipper you could
look at the Stars or look at the
beautiful sky on a day like today oh my
lovely do you go outside this clouds
float around just gives you just right
around a Sun a little bit of contrast is
the best lovely like why would how could
you say this is a sewer because it's so
many parts that are disgusting there's
so many parts being because there's no
because not not so many parts because we
still have this evil this other stuff
that's long at each other and knocking
each other and it's still filled with
right but he's very murder not right
here right right not right here it's
only it's in certain spots so this is
the other thing that we tend to do
because we have
seven billion people on the planet and
cameras on all of them yeah and
everybody's got a Cameron we're
exchanging these stories like yeah
you're catching stories from an
unimaginable number of humans yeah right
and so even if we're looking at just our
country there's so many people just la
so many people it's 20 million people
it's insane what's really amazing it's
really amazing
is not just how far human beings have
come over the last you know hundred two
hundred three hundred years but what's
really amazing is if you just look at
the actual numbers of times that people
interact with each other and how few of
them are violent yeah especially in a
place like America in 2018 I think about
that on the freeway also many people use
it just right and they're all pretty
much acting in an orderly fashion to
preserve themselves and others yeah yeah
no you have every now and then you have
someone that's just crazy just violates
all the rules just weaving in a traffic
right driving 150 miles an hour and a
residential community maybe it's just a
mutation maybe that's just a mutation
you know I think it is I think it is in
the same way those things exists in like
a biological system right you can get
these little diseases little bugs little
things that are off mm-hmm you know and
then you have an immune selling that
battles the bugs yeah like when you see
stuff about chimpanzees err and there's
like everyone's getting along trying to
do their thing their struggles but then
there's a real mutation like there's
someone that there's one that kills the
rest of them and won't be part of the
thing you know that's what we have we
have these kind of like renegade
mutations run by evil yeah right we
should all go back to what's what's
interesting is that it's in large groups
right and all of us together like the
way we interact with each other is
generally nonviolent however these large
groups will decide by whatever you know
whoever's in charge to attack other
large groups and this is where the big
death comes from right this is where the
the real toll comes from in war right so
but if you looked at the actual
communities of people from one side or
the other like the
themselves together how much are they
really in conflict with those other
people probably not nearly as much as
the people that are in charge would want
them to be which right yeah which is a
very split that it's almost like the
mutation is in charge right
because right you take two groups that
are at war you put them together they're
just hanging out drinking beer together
we're all the same aides that probably
have a great time together
their leaders talk them and those
leaders are the mutation that's when
things get scary whether it's the Hitler
leader or you know what would a North
Korea do leading places they're talking
people into invading places yeah that's
some slippery justification yeah you
know that's where the world gets very
strange and and I think it's interesting
that those people in those groups you
know all come from all over the world or
all over the country at least all these
different places they're brought
together right but look how we've
progressed there's fewer of those kind
of conflicts now than ever before
right but you and I and I think a lot of
other people would like it to be zero
amount right yeah but Donald I don't
know if that's ever gonna happen man but
that's a weird thing to say because you
would you would like everybody to be in
a good place this world but you almost
wonder if like many things there's like
this push of good things happening and
bad things positive and negative and
that there's battle between the two of
them is what creates all this momentum
and all this movement that's the good
and evil we're back to the good and evil
so maybe we should go back to church
look the priests did some weird stuff
but maybe we it's good people in there
more than evil people well the problem
is with that church in particular
there's still shielding the people that
have done terrible things yeah yeah
there's just no denying that there's if
you look at the facts if you look at
everything that's come out there's no
denying that no it's a super unfortunate
because I think the vast majority the
people that are involved in the religion
that aren't the people that are
pedophiles right I think there are very
good people that probably think about it
the same way maybe your daughter would
like to think about it that there's a
place where people can get together and
they exchange affection and camaraderie
and and this acceptance of something
higher than them that holds them to a
certain standard and wants them to be
good people and they
for everybody good for everybody but if
it wasn't for all that kid fucking guys
all that kid fucking just ruined all
that it just yeah yeah it really really
is such a sad sad thing Google this
because I've said this many times and
I've never bothered looking it up that
uh they're the reason why we can get
another bottle that if you want to get
fucked up ok it's the holidays okay so
holidays um what were we just talking
about good and evil and the for the
priests and why they're ruin it and on
you said go give that video look
something up you haven't looked before a
reason why oh that's it thank you
thought that was gone forever
I voted the reason why they forced
priests to be celibate because what I
had heard how was it son and this is not
no scholarly work of my own I don't
remember even reading the article I
think somebody told it to me that
priests were banging too many chicks you
might have said it that way too many
chicks man they made a mess out of it
which I think I don't think that was it
what do you think it is I think it was
property I think that when priests
priests own property mhm and if they
were married and he died she would keep
the property hmm if there was no woman
involved and he owned the property and
he couldn't be with a woman and he swore
that he was just with Jesus when he died
the property went to the church yeah
yeah that's you know which is not much
of I mean that's crazy
it's wow that whole other part of
Catholicism is the other thing that
bumps me all the time when you go to the
Vatican it's like wow this is beautiful
but what where'd they get all this art
where'd they get all these build I mean
yeah the pillaging of fuck of raelians
dollars were the shit all stolen from a
time where people are starving the
street see no this is how powerful
religion is this is how powerful this
pull is to search for good and to be a
part of something is that we're in light
of those things that you you see the
wealth it's like going into like a
pirate ship and seeing all the shit
they got and then knowing what they do
with these children both those things
are you should just say no fuck this I'm
gonna be I'm not gonna be a part of this
at all yeah but the the other part of it
is so strong that you actually will kind
of say well yeah yeah yeah but I'm still
gonna go to Mass on Sunday I think you
know what happens you think that even if
a priest is bad that the religion is
still good you know right the the idea
is this is like a bad guy who lost his
way that this sort of human beings that
are flawed yeah I got a lot of my drunk
- men read my grandma's oh no my
grandma's eulogy you know her name was
Josephine but he kept calling her
Geraldine they had to correct him it's
Josephine look he was he was saying all
these great things about her he knows I
know and he had those Jim blossoms Oh
Jamie brought in another bottle of wine
I'm like savage Savage Jamie Jamie but I
think you know you take a guy and you
put him in that position where he can't
have a companion like you're not allowed
to have a love ya can't have a wife or a
husband or whatever you can't have that
it's a horrible thing to do fighting
nature there's a kid that I went to high
school with that uh became a priest yeah
we all knew he was gay oh yeah I knew
like it was it was like a thing you know
like oh this is why he's gonna be a
priest we get it right well that's what
a lot of people say it's like that the
church the other side of is that the
church doesn't create pedophiles that
like the institution attracts them
because they know they'll be safe there
well it's it's possible but it's also
possible that so many of them that are
active in the church and I don't know
what this guy story was I barely knew
him yeah but that he could have been
molested I mean it's not it's not a
small number of kids that were molested
so very large so large
yeah and you would never mean who the
fuck understands what that would be like
to be a young boy to have that happen to
you and then get groomed and
indoctrinated into being a part of this
thing that does that to other young boys
in the future it's your whole reality
which has to be with some of them are
and they're all doing this under the
blanket of this thing called the church
then when the church finds out about it
the church
moves people to all these different
various places and they they get these
new victims yeah and this happens over
and over and over again you know this is
one of the things that they were saying
about benedict about the one who right
before or cool closest yeah yeah yeah
he had actively done that you know he
was knowledge people yeah it was a part
of that it's so bad so bad and it's such
a shame Mary Catholic priest there are
perhaps 120 in the u.s. already here's
how whoa is this a new thing yeah the
other article I found said there's about
200 Wow as of 1980 there was a rule
change or an adoption of a rule change
that allowed why does it say this is say
Eastern only is that what it's saying
that was something in the story of the
video that was going yeah but they're
kind of positive why I say Eastern
Catholic like east coast East Coast West
Coast not Mexicans are not by Brooklyn
married in the house huh 120 Catholic
priests married in the United States wow
that was great policy change by pope
john paul ii in 1980 which offered a
path for married episcopal priest to
continue their ministry after converting
to Catholicism oh so you have to be a
priest already
if you Episcopalian and then you're
allowed to have a wife and kids if
you're Episcopalian right yeah for sure
I love them convert ticket
like cat Catholicism's the only one that
doesn't allow them to have sex right
yeah it's the only one with its littered
with kid fucking right I mean coming up
exactly cut the shit we were we are
actually at Mass and he was talking
about there was one thing from the
gospel that was talking about being
married being with a woman and then he
finishes her answer
happy holidays he finishes the he
finishes the sermon and then he the
reading then he goes into a sermon all
about being with a woman and this is a
man that doesn't come close to that this
is a man that has
experience it would be so much better
for the church if he was a married man
with children and then he could really
talk about being in a family like who
are you you know nothing about what
we're dealing with on a daily basis yeah
I never went to the Catholic Church when
I was an adult but I would it would be
curious to be there to be like a husband
and wife sitting there in this fucking
church listened to this yeah dude
who is supposed to be celibate drone on
about how you should live your life and
what kind of relationship you should
have right bitch you're dressed like a
fuckin genie like a wizard son this is
preposterous
what are you doing what's that thing
around your shoulders for why are you
dressed like that on silk do you have
underwear on it's really weird that we
let people dress like that yeah like if
you didn't if he just stood up there and
had to be held accountable like that if
the volume of his words were all he had
like if you just made all priests and I
mean all priests across all religions if
they all had to stand on a flat regular
stage with nothing behind them yeah and
they had a dress like a like a regular
person like you were dressing right now
and no pointy hat
no pointy hat no no fucking giant insane
artwork behind you around too confusing
yeah pedestal all that stuff fucks
people up you go there and you see the
the like you've been a realm right yeah
he's Saint Peter's Basilica you see that
yeah you when you go in there I mean you
almost can't believe that your eyes are
working correct right exactly you're
almost like this can't be something that
someone actually made yeah this is
insane with no machines right just their
hands and thousands of people like that
that if you're in that thing you're
gonna be so humbled and so they're gonna
get away with a lot more shit yeah if
you were in some weird conference room
bullshit cups of coffee you know how you
get a coffee machine and they have
little tiny bullshit ass copies to it
like white styrofoam cups the handle on
it the paper handle the folds out and
you're dressed in Joseph a bank what the
handle is not that bad because they have
to be a certain size to have a hand
it's the ones of their little white ones
a little white styrofoam ones those are
bullshit yeah but they were put in the
plastic the little triangular nobody's
gonna buy your fucking connection today
here the deal are in that place right
you have to you have to sell it
you're not they're not just gonna buy it
I mean I'm not a dress like a wizard you
stand up in the golden podium with a
giant huge sculpture of Jesus nailed to
a pass behind you and there's organ
music playing you know I'm huge
that's a that's a bits that's your act
that's a good Act
that's an act that's gonna look at that
you know what man they should make that
shit illegal the same way they made
advertising booze illegal but you know
what look how pretty that is though it's
gorgeous so pretty
wouldn't be that looks like a Christmas
Mass or some bunch of belly dancers up
there and dudes playing bongo drums and
people passing around joint cannabis
infused lovin would that be better than
this bullshit well these are all just
adults if we can get all those grown
adults just passing out weed singing
songs together well what was it in New
York was it the limelight it wasn't
Church that turned into a club people in
the church see ya singing together with
that come on man that's realisable too
but you know what those people that are
in those pews look like a thousand
people right that's a big crowd mmm
those people that are sitting there they
are kind of high they're checking their
watch right now and go when does this
bullshit our dark enough of this guy
droning off he's drunk Gladys he's
fucking drunk
there they go asking us for money again
those Gin Blossoms all over the face he
looks like WC Fields
it's fucking the guys just getting drunk
I put shit in the basket now they're
coming out twice with the basket screw
this guy hottest can hear you stop it
God is gonna hear you Timmy's gotta go
in for his doctor's appointment tonight
what if God's gonna hear you but is the
value of them having a place to go on
that Sunday even though they hate it
import the limelight is a gym now yeah
the limelight was a yeah I saw a
fishbone at the line hold on
so the limelight does the dance
Club yes is now a fitness yeah it was a
church I can't tell which it was a
market - it was a church oh it was a
rock club so it doesn't laugh and they
started selling shitting they should
sell that shit imagine that it's your
house Tom papa it's that would inspire
you to get your party rolling live in a
church it's it's a gym now do I work out
in that church all day that would be my
spot even if I had a gym house I
definitely go to that gym feel the juice
okay I tell people I say I tell people
all the time she's always like I like
working out like at my studio but I like
going to places too because we know yeah
because when you go to a place like
there's a certain amount of juice yeah
you know you're in a new spot but you're
people around you that you don't know
yeah you're out you're out and it's also
as a comic I think social interaction is
one of the least respected ingredients
to our weird sort of stew things that
come together to make a bit you got to
fill the well with with those experience
yeah you got to talk to people yeah it's
like reading or just being out in the
world it's important yeah it's it just
all like all those things like eating is
one thing you need to do but I think
like interacting with people is just too
goddamn gigantic so important I do this
I'm the I do a monologue each week on
out in America on live from here which
is the new Prairie Home Companion and
are you allowed to yeah yeah it's the
new look it's the new Prairie home did
anybody else call you that aside to call
yourself that what the new Prairie Home
Companion it is that it was Prairie home
so you're actually doing this thing when
I first got hired it was Prairie ho and
then they changed it when Garrison
Keillor got in trouble that was called
live from here he I was confused yeah
yeah yeah and and I do a monologue each
week all the out in America I have been
doing this about a year you don't tell
me
uh it's NPR I just I figured you would
know I figured all things considered
gross I follow all the shit you do I
didn't know how you follow all this
should I do I'm like yeah that's weird
but my point is I do this monologue
called out in America and it's me
you it makes it's me glasses striving a
light on all the good people in America
right and I do it every week on NPR wear
that suit like you own it okay but the
reason I bring it up is not to plug it
but to say it made me when I'm out on
the road talk to people hmm
I would get in the car and throw my my
headphones on I wouldn't talk to people
on flights I didn't talk to the person
and driving
stay in my room do my shit as a comic
let's go when you kind of you're
isolated and because I have to write
this monologue each week I need
inspiration
I really want to shine a light um the
good people out in the country I start
talking to everyone I don't take my
headphones out I talked to the driver I
talk to the people next to me if they
want to talk and it is talked about
filling the well for your comedic you
know yeah toolbox it's the greatest
thing in the world there's billions of
people they all are unique they all have
a story to tell it's foolish let's be as
a comedian not to talk to me sweetheart
here they don't all have a story to tell
there's some of them they might have a
story to tell but you don't want to hear
it well some are bad a lot of stories
they're gonna be coming your way they do
though
I mean honestly even like the biggest
slug you'll find you talk to them about
their family about their childhood about
where they're growing grew up with
there's there is a story there here's a
way to look at it you take the biggest
fucking loser that ever existed on
planet Earth and if you discover how on
Mars it's the biggest story in human
history where the donkey mouth jerking
off with a bathrobe on on Mars it would
be like the most important thing that's
ever happened it's on the CNN fuck out
there be like this can't be real
community closer I'll show you have you
seen it old man with a Duncan ass beat
nom right but if you found an old man
with a donkey mask beaten off in Venice
I'm still I'm still interested like if I
said Tom papa
you ever see your life savings do you
say yes or no there is currently a man
with a donkey mask on wearing a bathrobe
jerking off in Venice yeah you might you
might want to lean yes me might if
they're bringing it to you I'd be super
suspicious but that's your questions my
favorite not an underdog on that my
question my question is do you think
that it ever happened yes right
everything you can think of is that
confident that someone has jerked off
with the donkey mask on 100% like a
hotel bathrobe especially in Venice it's
all about masks in Venice I'm a hundred
percent confident I could say
historically yes everything you can
think of a second beach not Venice Italy
right Italy with all the Bryant where
all the Catholic stuff yeah yeah
and plus the waters getting high on
people panic can I ask you guys a
question sure
back to way in the beginning of the
podcast when I was talking about wine
and how I'm trying to learn about it and
stuff the one thing I don't know about
wine is when I do drink it I never feel
that drunk and we've had a bottle and a
half now yeah do I seem drunk
yeah you should pretty fucked up don't
tell me anything you don't want to tell
me do I seem that different from before
I mean you're all so fucked up too but
no you seem fine yeah yeah cuz I always
get home and I'm like I have to say I
was kept my shit together yeah and then
I wake up the next morning like no I was
I shouldn't have done that
well sometimes you'll hear yourself like
on a podcast if you get really lit like
when we did that sober October podcast I
saw one of the clips yeah
drunky words I saw the clip oh my god we
were blasted we're in orbit oh really oh
you're so hammered
it's so stupid because I want to be like
a gentleman that can drink and yes hold
its alcohol and be like sir if that was
your goal you have achieved it Cheers
happy holidays because you don't seem
and you did it more than I did today and
you seem exactly the same as when we
started I think you're projecting there
was one point when after you smoked a
lot you were going like that's what I
did I kid you
I could tell was a bit of a body hi well
that weight is strong
[Music]
I think there's benefit to it I don't
think there's like I don't think you
should do everything all the time but I
think this benefit I don't think you
should exercise all the time either
I'll tell you this when I was flying
back from New York yesterday and knew he
had this when I was on the flight I was
thinking it would be so nice to bring a
bottle of wine just chill with the guys
and this that would be so happy and now
that we're in that moment yes so happy
me too
so happy it's a good place I'm worried
about Jamie's hips
Jamie's hips so bogging you know that's
alright actually helped a lot
really it's laying on it and breathe in
and yeah you know I have not used that
yet I bought two of them about one for
the house and one for the gym but that
it's a what's called the so right like
for your so ass muscle so you lay on it
and have it like massage your inner gut
area it works well apparently that's
like a muscle that gets knotted up on
people and I had it I definitely got it
get knotted up on me when I was I was
running a little too often
I was running like four or five days a
week it was starting to knot up yeah
that's like a foam roller but like if
you could have an elbow on that foam
yeah and you lay on it on your back a
couple different spots do they have like
a spot in your shoulders in the front
but yeah I don't know whatever my pelvis
area yeah that looks be slurred it
helped right you feel good though it's
good yeah you got it
it's weird the human body's all
manipulable oh yeah malleable that's why
Yoga is so good oh yeah
stretching in general like all that shit
so good but it's just so weird how like
deep tissue massage and all that stuff
works and how your body's like pliable
yeah break stuff
yeah sweeten things up and someone is
really good at it if you get a gal knows
how to use them elbows man I started
running with my dog with my lab yeah and
but I run on the road and the sidewalk
right is on do you feel like I feel so
guilty sometimes that it's got its
little paws out just running on the road
um-hmm is it hot you were now like to
hurt no no it's the hardness of it mmm
which streets maybe I never thought he
doesn't seem unhappy she seems like
she's havin a blast well it's definitely
not as good as running the dirt
race not I mean probably for us either
no for now it's definitely not yeah it's
definitely not it's weird you know
there's not as much give whenever I see
people running in the cities I go I get
it you want to exercise yeah as you
decided to make this whole world your
gym well sure the other day he was
crossing Wilshire it's just no shirt on
t-shirt earbuds just one of them one of
those dudes is doing this taking his
pulse runs across light turns green he's
just using the strip this is like 4:30
in the afternoon yeah rush hour and he's
used in this place as his gym that's why
I like running bird that's why I like
running cuz as soon as you go out you're
doing it any other nice body too we want
to let bitches know he did
who's slim and fit I don't get the
that's what it was about probably more
than totally through well Cheryl peacock
move yeah no shirt on and it was just
running around do you do yoga with your
shirt off or ons right off off with all
the gals there they don't give a fuck
dude they're suffering everyone's
suffering yeah everybody always keep my
shirt on because I always feel like as a
man I'm not supposed to be there so it
should just make it less is a man you
not supposed to be there even after you
the remarks you heard by Bikram I'm well
they don't but yeah everybody does look
it's just too fucking hot it's too hot
you don't want to have a shirt on you're
that wet
fucking hot thing yeah smothering you
you know I might do the regular I don't
do the hot hot one I want to see you in
a jog bra Pro why can't a man wear
something that just like like let go of
covers is like a sweatband for your tits
yeah it's called bra okay forgot to wear
a bracelet what kinda is some bracelets
yeah but it's okay for you to wear when
I'm tennis wrist things yeah it was like
they were like a real band
yeah those headbands for your wrist I
thought I was the coolest fucking I had
those wristbands with red white and blue
on them like that's right tube socks
pull high up to the knee all the way
those things called would you cross
bands like tennis wristband yeah the
headband and the wristband and they'd
man yeah I probably had a headband too I
had I had one that was pretty badass you
know what was a big it wasn't too though
you just go the one you just go on the
left that was the cool move there was a
time I don't remember what the time was
but there's a time when vibe that's it
right there
sock tower lower two pieces large next
time Tom pop and I do a podcast and wear
them red white and blue wristbands
they'd be awesome I literally had that
fresh very fresh it felt cool yeah it's
real cool it's gonna say something wrist
band marijuana combination love being
allowed to wear him happy for a guy
working out sweat boobs thrown a lot of
information so words that yeah why is it
okay for a man to walk around with no
shirt on and women can't was that what
you're gonna say well there's that's
obvious we women they definitely can but
I've talked about this before I think I
said I would just I
wouldn't recommend it to a friend well I
feel like don't go out there kids
hanging out yeah if a friend tried to
ask me if they think they should
exercise that right to freedom I feel
like it's I don't want you harassed
you'd only get harassed right like I
would would you wear like bikini
underwear walk through a gay
neighborhood on Saturday night at 10:30
p.m. when the ecstasy just kicked in
your piece of meat how good do you think
you'd feel walking through August
SuperDuper gay neighborhood with like
little bikini briefs on a sentence for
whatever reason you obviously shave your
chest it's funny though your chest is
smooth this baby but but your back has
hair on it it's funny because you're
setting it up as a predatory kind of
scenario but all I'm thinking is would
they think that was okay would they like
me would you be pumped or disgusted you
know you'd be you didn't want the hassle
that's what I tell my yeah I mean yes
sir I understand that there's like a
cool movement now and it's a time where
women should be able to go out there and
dress the way you want to dress it's not
their problem it's the guys problem
let's correct the guys rather than us
right I love that but there's a lot of
guys that haven't been corrected yet who
are gonna hassle you and follow you in
the parking lot yeah that's the problem
those guys aren't woke once everyone's
all well it'll be dangerous word to use
I feel like people gonna mock it in the
future woke woke yeah I feel like using
woke now like an ironically it's super
slippery I see a trap coming you do the
jiu-jitsu practitioner and me it's like
I don't like this move this is I know
where this leads
I see that I'm like what are you woke
what the fuck does that even make up you
woke up what are you 12
well it comes for my 16 year old so yeah
kids today but what is welcome beam it
means your brain is open you're open to
stuff your problem is there's no real
quantification there's no real there's
no test you take the show that if you're
whoa
right right like you want to be a
mathematician you have the fucking show
that you know do math the professors
check your work but you get through like
yes congratulations Tom Papa you are a
mathematician your PhD in mathematics it
says right here on the paper like
goddammit I'm gonna put this shit on my
wall so you understand I know how this
stuff works
yeah but woke miss yeah anybody can
claim to be a master of woke Ness it's
like kung fu without fighting it's very
dangerous
ya know find what's Woking what's
preposterous
no one's defined by what's what's just
not racist and not sexist and not
homophobic but open-minded and aware of
the the failings and the misgivings of
all sides all right and with no bias
right is that what cuz doesn't seem like
it is isn't that woke I think you just
described what I thought it was I would
like that but too many people can jump
in there's no there's no real clear
understanding of like what makes and
constitutes someone being woke like yeah
how many of those boxes do you have to
check stop Tom Papa had awoke Academy
right and you took these people do you
like bread or not like bread claiming
whoa dude super slippery
what's this Jane 62 New York Times
Magazine our dig it look if you're woke
you dig it oh man the perfect definition
right Jane if you're woke you dig it
that is insane that was my Fox man and
you were copying my taste and grit
don'tjump salty on me whoa look how they
talked back then they were trying to
talk people into talking in a way that
made them seem more interesting I'm
gonna say it the way I would say if I
live back then hey could you be the guy
on the left Jimmy no no no scroll is so
we could read that whether his comments
yeah what he's saying up top yeah okay
that was that was my Fox man and you
were noting that my Grace and great so
how would you say that now
that was my Fox man you a cop in my
tasting of course it's girls yeah that's
my girl yes
thing no that's what they said I would
use what words would use today yeah yeah
he would say the fuck he doing with my
girlfriend dickhead and he said don't
jump salty on me I would say we're cool
no worries no worries stop being such a
bitch it's all good it's all good
yeah and then it'll be like what
someone's a bitch and then next thing
you know people be hitting each other
that's a darkness no men who are these
two gentlemen to the risers of left it
says Noah Webster I think that might be
like Webster's dictionary ah Peter 1
Peter in the in the dictionary this
squirrelly the letters are all blurred
right I love that I love that doors if
you're woke you dig it yeah if you're
woke you dig it that's that sums it up
man if you're woke you dig it
after how did you find this Jam you go
back to that typed and it's like know
your meme Wow so the meme of the word
woke yeah Wow look at that little image
though scroll burger yeah that's so
strange like imagine if that was
contemporary yeah if that was your word
like imagine if hipsters all sudden
started wearing tails to their jackets
yeah bowties and those tails it wouldn't
be surprising because that's all about
just I'm doing what you guys don't do so
I'm going tails what a weird look though
it is is so weird
that's a look that like okay so like the
guy in the center
it's like Alex and Ani a-- those two
guys both look guys in the center those
guys will fly today Oh totally the guy
in the left that looks like he's dressed
like he's uh that looks like me on the
road yeah but he looks like look using a
Quinton Tarantino movie or something
yeah he's Reservoir dog looks totally
normal right black matrix black suit tie
saddled or I could go to any restaurant
anywhere and no one would even bat an
eye
they go host sir can I help you boom
right in image good guy next to him but
those two guys on the ends like what in
the fuck are they he's got a a coat with
tails yeah and those pants that are like
flat across your crotch where it looks
like given
privates here's good way to look at it
imagine you datin a gal and your pants
got come over you know like you're
really gonna love my dad he's an amazing
guy
he's real old-school dressed like that
with coattails yeah and you start
feeling like you're like you're in that
movie get out he's got a handlebar
mustache
he's got tails yeah weird weird pants
what they go into funny shoes you see
get out yeah I finally watched it during
sober October oh you did fucking
fantastic
yeah that's but that's what you'll be
thinking if that's guys was dressed like
that but the daughter was gonna lead you
to something you have to run for your
life
but it is weird how like that suit has
lasted yeah a long time well this was
1960 so I'm assuming that it was mocking
the style of old so by the time 1960
rolled around the guys in the middle
were dressed contemporary but the guys
in the end like making fun of people the
way they used to dress yeah kind of in a
way or at least that's what represents
those people well yeah they just defines
their time that guy was probably around
the 1800s it's just other guys are do
you know who those guys are
I believe Noah Webster Webster
dictionary scratching his head is that
guys putting out his slang
so his slang is making Webster what the
fuck that's not how you really say it so
it would be like the urban dictionary
like oh right Jamie and I sometimes get
confused we have to pull up the urban
dictionary and find out what the real
word of a word means so let's pull up
woke yeah represented today you know
well no disrespect no cultural
appropriation intended the fact that it
was invented actually in the 60s is
really weird
it's just making a comeback like looking
around when I typed it like what does a
woke to see if there's anything if you
dig it you woke mmm was to say we're
knowledgeable about your community in
the world with the willingness to access
and critique systems of oppression
yeah well that the end of this party is
tomorrow yeah exactly yes I mean for
sure if it really is a system of
oppression but how do we decide what's a
system of oppression and what
is sounds like a nice Jordan Peters
weird human behavior that represents
that what do you manage interact with
each other on a grand scale I mean
that's is like I there are some
legitimate systems of oppression yeah
for real so figure out which one it is
yeah before but putting that in like
that's what woke is like how do you do
how do you define what the systems like
where does it where's the line get drawn
right is the line hmm
like why do women have certain jobs why
do men have certain jobs how much of
that is because of influence how much of
that's because of their choices how much
of that is just because of natural
proclivities towards certain things well
then you're talking about people that
are coming after the hierarchy and if
they're coming after the hierarchy who's
to say that those people aren't part of
the problem I love Jordan Peterson
though it's just like hammers just yeah
well then what do you what are you
saying then who are you what do what are
you you you buying into the hierarchy
you just love like the exasperation in
his voice no but it's true it's like
then this true that that woke definition
was like oh I'm with you this is all
about being nice and kind and then at
the end it's about attacking right well
here's the crazy thing is the end part
about attacking is where it gets weird
because Jordan Peterson is a guy who
gets regularly attacked
yeah misrepresented like especially in
terms of like that he's somehow another
racist because some racists like him
I've heard that argument it's a crazy
argument doesn't make any sense yeah
he's not a racist by any stretch of the
imagination he believes in individuals
yeah I mean he's more iron Rand yeah
then I never say that right I know her
name is iron Rand but I would say I'm
drained instinct to fuck it up but it
really is like his thing is it's like
the power of the individual and
responsibility and doing your thing yes
and he's forced during this time of
course he's under time but he's also
under celebration yeah he's under he
means been celebrated as well as
attacked but much more celebrated it's
under celebration where he's under
attack he
nice to hear that viewpoint articulated
in such a clear concise way he's a
genuine sweetheart of a guy yeah I mean
I think if people knew him I think you
know part of the thing is some of his
views are very powerful and polarizing
to some folks they have a specific idea
of how things are and what things should
bring in what what represents
transphobia what represents sexism and
you know these are all fascinating
discussions as long as everybody is like
just being rational and yeah and being
honest about it but yeah it's good it's
moving it's yeah it's it's moving the
discussion forward it's like you should
hear all sides and you should hear I
mean what he's saying is you know in a
lot of ways it's like very true and very
real and it's like right but the
presentation of it in these times it's
like but he's very brave because he
knows that anything he says there's
gonna be a shitstorm in response well
he's very brave in that respect but he's
also very brave in that he's done a
tremendous amount of research on all
those different subjects he was talking
about and when he talks about something
from a scientific perspective he's not
talking about it because it aligns with
his beliefs right and he will in fact
highlight things that don't align with
his beliefs mhm and show that he has a
hole in some of his thinking he'll he'll
heal pause in mid-sentence and goes well
I guess I'm wrong then right safe to go
yeah and he does he has a hundred
percent intellectual honesty yeah he's
just he's not scared to take on this
system of the way people think and
behave and this system works both for a
really progressive open-minded people
that support most of the things that you
and I probably support and it also the
system is also in place for people that
have more stringent conservative
viewpoints yeah we have to look at
everybody honestly right if you want to
debate whether someone's opinions or one
thing or the other yeah absolutely I'm
with you 100% the problem is we start
calling someone a racist
yeah and calling someone a racist
because you think that racists like him
or calling someone a sexist because you
think that sexist like him yeah or
because he says says things that you
don't agree with if you don't agree with
them and you just dismiss them at this
like as is really shallow
sexist opinion the problem is other
people are gonna read what you're saying
they're gonna look into it and it's
gonna seem silly right because the guy
has volumes and volumes and volumes that
you could read and that he has books he
has all these different lectures where
he discusses these things podcast really
discusses things in really complex and
well-thought-out ways you can't you
can't say his race and what's just
fortunate what's unfortunate is that he
presents this stuff we should then our
responsibility is to deal with the stuff
deal with the ideas
yeah not what does it matter who he is
how he talks what is what you've been
ger and who cares but the problem is the
idea was the idea is what we should all
then oh thank you
take it whether you like it or not take
it and then wrestle that idea and move
it for 100% but we also have to be aware
there's a real problem in calling
someone a monster is not a monster right
because then when real monsters come
along yeah you already use that word up
right that's this is like you have to be
careful because there's real racists in
the world there's real bad people yeah
so calling someone a bad person just cuz
you don't agree with them you fall into
a very slippery ideological trap and a
lot of times people do it just to get
attention yeah they want to throw their
hat into the ring they want they're
there they're there say they want they
want to get it out they want to make an
impact they want that love yeah they
want to be part of that they want to be
part of the discussion and they might
have very strong beliefs that they think
are correct but I I guarantee if you if
that those strong beliefs are that
Jordan is a racist you don't know him
well there's no way you could write is
in there's no way you're really familiar
with a lot of the things that he says
about race right because he doesn't say
anything racist he talks in terms of I
mean he always emphasizes individuals
yeah that's the most important thing
that's that iron ran thing it's not
about that it's a it's about the person
you responsible for you doing you
despite whatever comes at you because
everything's always going to come at you
yes and it's not a denial of racism
racism is fucking horrible but what it
is is a saying that like we can all we
can all figure out a better way to
navigate this then the shitty way that
racists and bad people have done in the
past right you know it was kind of
racist
I was I wanted to put African Americans
in my Christmas village couldn't and you
go online and try and look up African
American figurines for whatever it's
it's not good they haven't talked about
not yet woke you go there are there
they're prisoners
there's prisoners there's like worker
like there's not a lot of like just
regular families there's definitely a
lot more freedom of white people ok
let's let's guess this let's guess this
before we look it up yeah because this
might be one of them untapped things
that people forgot to get outraged about
yeah is it possible that you can buy
ceramic slave yes do you think so
uh-huh well through a store maybe not on
the Internet eBay for sure really yes
you know how much stuff was put out into
the culture of like alfalfa kind of
representations of kids and slave
children and how about that there was I
mean I went through my grandmother's
like keepsakes at one point it's like a
shoebox of stuff and she just had a
postcard from her friend it was to like
black kids eating watermelons and I was
like Grandma what is what the hell is
this I was like you know 15 she's like
oh it's just a joke but she wasn't it I
only bring it up because that was
circulated that was being pumped out all
the time in the culture so there's
definitely stuff you can get second-hand
on eBay who's got a big smile on his
face for a lot of different slave stuff
like Roman slaves and slaves like long
as their white slaves were good they
would give me something so like Roman
slaves that addressed like they were in
that growling slaves gladiator movie oh
yeah yeah gives your slave yeah you have
to fight here okay so this is non it's
not American
so all those slaves are like that's
isn't it interesting like it can't be
like it's got to be like I didn't do it
I don't fucking put them guys none of my
people made them people slaves fucked up
bro
right like you have - yeah Middle
Eastern you know ancient starts getting
a little squirrel 100 BC Oh Rose rose
but those are white people they're great
they're gray 3d printed they haven't
been painted they look like ordinary
font they're up to them the person who
buys them you know to make them as
accurate as they write they look like
Henry Fonda Douglas they had some white
ass features though white hair they got
white people hair you know I mean just
put up racist don't want certain things
typed in now exactly you know it's like
that like that Alexa think you have an
Alexa at home yeah Alexis listen them
right now I know that bitch my friend
told me like you really should just you
really should take that off and I'm like
why I'm like it's only when I talk she's
like no they listen all the time there
was another murder case and they
confiscated the Alexa because they know
the Alexa will have information from the
last four days up to the murder that's
crazy
yeah that's crazy but it still plays my
music so I'm keeping it so this is what
is this a doll that you could make a
slave it's like it's not like I can play
Playmobil or something
Lego ripoff hes got Lego hands chain
around his neck I'd be mad if I bought
that I thought was a Lego not funny like
even it was you're a kid your parents
like you said I want Legos and your
parents brought you that you're like
bitch this is not Legos some wack-ass
they're supposed to represent a pirate
who was formerly a slave in historical
context it's easy to write that sentence
than to make a new Lego a former slave
in a historical context come on
that is what does that mean I don't know
that me represent a pirate who was a
former slave in a historical context
that means he escaped I know but that's
a weird way to put it isn't it yeah
isn't that weird
it's
so ridiculous racist toy instructions
that's the news title other question
mark yeah it was a fucking misleading
news title yeah racist toy instruction -
then after the break it made a fairly
light notice how conservative they were
you know they didn't make him super dark
yeah even they knew that was some we can
make them kind of brownish that guy
looked like he had a tan looks like he
was uh like a Spaniard yeah you know
like okay nigga Montoya yeah you kill my
father prepare to die like that's what
he looked like
like a Spaniard on a holiday with a
caught a nice tan are you saying even
the racist toy maker was like now dude
don't go too dark yes I'm saying the
racist toy maker was like you know what
we just got a we got a play it's a goat
this color yeah go with shoot for
Guatemala that's it that's all I'm
looking for do you go to Mass on
Christmas no no mass at all I go to
Willy Wonka's golden Chocolate Factory
well it's all nonsense man why would I
do that I'm just asking tradition
because he grew up there no I never grew
up that way we didn't have Church yeah
we did blues for a very short amount of
time to say I grew up that way would be
hard because it was I was out by the
time I was out of first grade
oh yeah we're talking about putting me
back in for second grade but we moved
from New Jersey to San Francisco
uh-huh and we didn't find a Catholic
school you know Catholic schools cost
money too you know you're right what the
public school after that but I was just
done I hated it
yeah I I was in fear of those fucking
crazy people and your parents didn't
take you to church or make you good they
did a little bit I think the idea was
back then that if you had kids he wanted
kids go to Catholic school you know
there's a lot of people that did that in
that neighborhood it was just a normal
thing you did yeah and they were more
strict and dude
one thing that was for sure though like
I had a conversation with my mom about
it once she was like you know your
grades were way better when you in your
Catholic school I was like yeah it was
fucking terrified
wrong they beat the shit out of all live
like that they never beat me and then
they definitely threatened me really
yeah they threatened to make me sit on a
nail you gonna have to sit on a nail and
the in the closet stay here all night I
hope you brought your blanket they're
like really mean when you're like a
little six-year-old kid like that's
fucked up it's just a weird
oh it's feeling this to be stuck with
these people for nine months and also
from me it's like my parents are
splitting up at the time so it's very
confusing yeah and then I wanted things
to have ordered to them so I wanted God
to make sense
I remember annoying people with that
yeah like six years old I didn't know
any people talking about what God wants
what do you mean like you if God says
this God wants that like I would say
that oh you would bug six years old yeah
right
because I was a little kid who's dealing
with my parents splitting up and there
didn't seem to be any order in the world
I was very nervous right so when I find
when I went to Catholic school when I
first got there I was I was happy that I
was gonna go to Catholic school but then
as I experienced it at six years old I
started going this is ridiculous this
isn't making any sense like first of all
these people are so mean they're they're
obviously being mean and nasty they're
not comforting right and I was thinking
as a six year old comparing them the way
like my grandma was my mother was like
these are these ladies are nasty right
why is being so mean and I'm like these
they don't represent God and I was like
this is crazy right at six and then you
can see kids getting in trouble because
their parents hadn't paid for their
lunch or this gun and there was like
this really you tell your father to get
that money in like there was a resinous
to it that just didn't seem loving or it
didn't seem like what I thought of when
I thought of you know Christ and what I
thought of really it seemed to me like
oh no this is a dark little trap Wow it
sucked into so that's what's remarkable
about that is not just the age but that
you went from really really needing it
in a very real way cuz what was
happening with your family to like
normally you wouldn't turn that quickly
like within a year that sounds yeah but
- yeah it was over by the time I was out
usually that change doesn't happen for
15-20 years well out
side of beating me or doing something
sexual to me the this the mindfuck of
dealing with his mean nasty ladies scare
the shit out of me yeah they're crying
they were calling me a baby because I
was crying oh whoa just not knowing how
to deal with human beings when you're a
six-year-old and this is going down
you're like what have I done
yeah I went from always being with my
mom or being with my grandma my
grandfather I was like everything's cool
and then a sudden you go in school and
this is what you're doing in school I
didn't go to kindergarten I went to
first grade that was the first thing I
went to right so all sudden the first
grade is like instantaneously being
connected these crazy ladies Jesus I was
like oh no yeah
poor and then I would think about them I
don't think what kind of like and I was
think about why they so mean I remember
being like six years old thinking this
way I'm sorry
nobody probably loves them like they
don't get they don't have a family yeah
they don't have to know off a boyfriend
you know I didn't think at the time
didn't have a girlfriend but maybe they
do holla
right but yeah sure they didn't the
whole thing was that they didn't you
know they didn't have any no connection
with another human planet going to be
lonelier or it more anger inducing yeah
I was just dark they weren't they
weren't loving people you know any of
your children
I asked about it they bring it up we've
talked about God yeah
my basic take is Jordan Peter said said
something really lovely
he said he behaves as if God is real he
behaves as if God exists interesting not
that he believes God exists cuz that's
sort of a it's a bit of an intellectual
trap right and you say do you believe
God exists like okay what define God no
then you're in the weeds yeah because do
you think that I think that there's a
city in the clouds no I don't write no I
don't do what do you think that there's
an energy is it possible yeah there's
something bigger than all this thing
mold is bigger than everything like if
you talk to an ant and said hey man you
think there's cities and skyscrapers and
airplanes like what do you fucking moron
get out of here bitch I'm trying to drag
this dead bug around how are you talking
anyway time for the fucking galaxy talk
yeah first I get the fuck out of here
with your 5g bitch
at a time dragging this bug yeah so I
mean in our perspective when we're
talking about things no it's like we're
we're so small the way we interface with
reality so crude even though it's
amazing yeah but I like the idea of the
not going into the whole intellectual
discussion about God but just like yeah
just you know who know just kind of act
like he does exist so great when it does
make you it does make you act a little
kinder yeah it's uh it's like a parent
figure it's like okay we're not gonna do
this because it's gonna make them
unhappy I try to do what I like that
when I'm at my best I try to treat
people as if they're me living another
life
treat treat people as if they're just
you know don't think people as a bother
or don't and it's hard to do it's hard
to do especially when you're busy or
when you have your kids with you or when
you're trying to get something done yeah
it's hard to do I try and walk walk
around thinking everybody is drowning in
insecurity right that really kind of
makes me give people a pass in the
biggest and smallest ways everybody when
you see people hustling do whatever
businessman businesswoman looks like
she's on top of her game yep person like
on the subway who's obviously going
someplace they don't want to go with no
money in their pocket if you realize
we're all just drowning and insecurity
it just makes you just give them a
little bit of a pass that that's been
where my head's at been at lately that's
a great place to keep your head because
we all are
everyone's balled up everyone even the
person you yeah my are the most it's
like ah well you know we're talking
about earlier about the traps that you
fall into as you're trying to achieve
and do things you're also following the
traps even with things that you love and
you can get so caught up in you know the
things that you love that you kind of
forget to keep your you know your your
your your when you're at your best like
when what feeling keep that in close
range yeah if you feel like getting away
from you because you're too tired
because you're working too much yeah
he's like pull that back yeah keep keep
it at close range where you are
operating at your best but be respectful
of that right and I think this is
something that I've been guilty of in
the past
I wasn't respectful of the energy that's
required to be at your best mm-hmm I
just figure that like I'll just do these
other things yeah but the only I really
firmly believe you only have so much
bandwidth in a day and this is coming
from a person who pushes their bandwidth
too hard all the time I think you only
have so much in a day and when you get
to a certain state you wind up
diminishing a lot and then I think you
want to diminishing a lot of the other
things that you do like if you if you
have like seven things cooking in the
background on your phone it's not going
to move as fast really actually does
work that way some computers but people
do that too you have too many things
cooking at the same time yeah we all do
all the time all the time and then you
take 20 minutes of transcendental
meditation and take your nervous system
and put it on restart and just let it
wash out this thing your hands-free
coming out let it wash out 20 minutes
okay because we're all under that all
the time a hundred percent frazzled no
matter how hard you're pushing or just
coasting three o'clock in the afternoon
two o'clock in the afternoon four
o'clock in the afternoon that nervous
system shot right we're all the same how
do you 20 minutes what do you do talk me
through you take your nervous system and
it's the result of it is you come out
and you've rebooted the system and you
can now have a good part of the second
part of your day do you have a technique
used to use an app do you know I went to
I I went to a transcendental meditation
teacher whoa and in without the hippie
dippie that's the biggest part of it it
literally makes you realize just what
you said we're all just frazzled and
running out of steam at a certain point
you know your nervous system is shot all
that stuff that's happened just between
7:00 o'clock and 3 o'clock whatever
would happen you're that nervous system
has been dealing with a ton of stimulus
all day long that meditation
gives you a reboot and you can't it it's
it's like a needed thing that's better
than sleep that you that you're it
actually yearns for hmm I'm telling you
since I really started dialing it in and
did it it uh the best way I can describe
it is that it added another four hours
to my day whoa yeah how so because I
would just be limping across the finish
line I'd be exhausted I'd be trying to
do and with motivation and I work really
hard I would push through and get to
maybe you know two hours more of what I
needed to accomplish and you do this
effortlessly without struggle I'm able
to just sail like I did between nine and
twelve that day really yes a hundred
percent do you think by using this
practice you're alleviating tension so
you're more efficient with your energy
like what makes you that's part of it
but it really is it really is taking
this nervous system that is dealing with
the outside world all the time mm-hmm
and just giving it a real practical way
to shut down flatline and then come back
on the grid yeah yeah and it it like
your physical body needs a rest your
things need to be rebooted your nervous
system is kind of this thing that
operates all the time that we're not
really that conscious of we're not
really that aware that how hard it's
working and this is a way to pay
attention to it and give it a chance to
regenerate that's interesting and long
you been doing this
you know I meditated for like since
college just out of reading books and
then probably about three years ago my
friend said who always did
Transcendental Meditation
he said go just see if it dials you in
it actually the stuff you are doing the
way you talk about meditating it sounds
more
it sounds like you're doing too much
work just go talk to this guy
and I did for like three four sessions I
went and just talked to this guy here in
LA who's a transcendental meditation
teacher and he just explained it and
dialed me in on it and for the last
three four years I've been just I
haven't missed a day and three or four
years
yeah day every day seven days seven days
no cheat day no cheat day how long no
need for me to it's the opposite of what
you want from a cheat day it's like 20
minutes where if you can get to in
that's the best if you can get one in
the morning and one in the afternoon
then you're like Superman Wow but if you
can get one in I'm telling you
start to finish how long 20 20 minutes
20 and you do this every day every day
every day maybe that makes sense man
because one of the things that people
remark about you is how easygoing you
are like that like people said dude I
love and tom pappas on your podcast is
so easygoing like that you guys gel so
well together you flow together yeah
it's like you're you're tuned into so
just present together we're just you
know we're both you know yeah
you're kind of not struggling right and
that's what it teaches you you just cut
this is a big Roaring River yeah and it
lets you just kind of go underneath
catch your breath and then come back up
into it yeah do you feel that way when
you exercise do you feel like when
you're exercising you get into like a
zone and you you reset your brain for
sure I feel less I feel less depressed
when I exercise yeah like if I'm gonna
funk and I'm like and I go for a run I'm
like my days different yeah it's weird
it's almost like that funk is trying to
hold on to control - it's weird yeah so
it gets tricking your brain yeah do you
feel like shit today let me just put
these goddamn shoes on and go run yeah
you know you feel so good but the
meditation is different the meditation
is like the the run will give me energy
I won't feel so shitty I'm like I'm okay
you know I feel good I feel alive and
whatever but the meditation in a very
subtle way five hours later when you're
faced with a stressful situation you
don't feel as
just as you normally would yeah because
it's just your name your nervous system
which is very powerful has been rebooted
is now able to go and deal with another
situation hmm you should go see him
okay I'll do it I'll give you the name
of the guy he's a mate I mean he's not
amazing it's not a guru it's not the one
sperm guy it is not about him one minute
it's not about a religion it's not about
a people or a drop of much sperm this
guy does will not give you his sperm
he's just delivering the message of this
little practice which is very it's not
hippie dippie it's very practical
practical you can use it yeah it's
that's the best part of it um would you
be if you tried the tank before the
float tank no would you be interested in
doing it you know we have one here you
can use it anytime you want like I would
like to hear what your take on it is
yeah especially yeah especially if you
wanted to practice those techniques in
there yeah I think they'll be really
interesting it's crazy environment man
that would be great yeah you should do
it I'll do it yeah for sure not today
I'm drunk no there's a there's also you
know there's a bunch of big places
around too there's a float lab down in
Venice and they have wood at Westwood
and then what's the big place that's in
Pasadena has the biggest one in the
world people like I'm in like a gym yeah
blows yeah you sign up go in there and
float pass what he's got a giant just
flow yeah just float in Pasadena shoot
don't think have like 40 fucking float
tanks or some crazy shit I don't know
how many they have but I think they use
all float lab stuff too that would be
cool you know it's another interesting
thing if you get the morning one and you
know how sometimes you wake up you've
slept you went to bed at 11 right you're
up at 7:00 but you're exhausted cuz your
night sleep was restless you've got up
to pee a couple times Munoz you look
back at your bed it was just a disaster
you do those 20 minutes before you go
about your day just before the kids get
up just get 20 minutes in mm-hmm it's
like a you it was more valuable than
what you tried to accomplish in the
eight hours spinning around in the
sheets like especially for someone like
you right who's
is to create things yeah right to put
your mindset into put into a particular
place it's super beneficial if you're
just creating things on time
totally but it's for everybody right
right right
it's literally like yeah we're all just
human beings just struggling every day
going out doing all this stuff and it's
like you could be you know a single mom
living in a city taking the bus to work
after dealing with your kids and go her
nervous system is being bombarded yeah
20 minutes just to kind of sitting there
on the bus you could do it on the bus by
your with all this other it's not a
pristine thing it's not a hippie thing
it's not an um I was gonna say elegant
but it is kind of elegant it's not a
special thing it really is just like
like a controlled damp in a way and
it'll it just gives you more to go on
we're all everybody no matter what
you're creating no matter what you're
doing we're all under assault all the
time right yeah I mean not you know we
don't equate it to war but there's like
bombardments of your energy and stuff
that's coming after you all the time you
have to kind of tend to the system
that's dealing with that yeah I think
anything that gives you a perspective
reshift or reboot is great yeah anything
and whether it's going for a swim in the
ocean and whatever the fuck it is yeah
something that gives you a perspective
reboot we yeah we get caught in some
pretty gross ruts you know perspective
reboot is a cool way to say it yeah I
think we have these views of the world
sort of we have this um these these
patterns that we sort of recognize we
see them they're out there and we get
locked into them and we're just visiting
the same websites and seeing the same
people and doing the same things every
day yeah and sometimes you need
something different yeah some yeah the
knock you out you need something that
gets you to think about other stuff ya
know maybe it's going to a place that
this is why I travel so good I used to
never get travel when I was a kid yeah I
was like what the fuck wants to travel
like being home but one of the I do like
being home but one of the things about
travel is it allows you experience the
feel of someone's culture in real life
like you're walking through the streets
of Cologne Germany like you're like wow
this is how these people live yes crazy
yeah walk through the streets of Rome
takes your side of yourself yeah it
gives you this first of all it gives you
this appreciation that there's different
rules over here but these are still
people modern people just like you yeah
and then some of your ancestors came
from here waiting but here they are
where there's different rules
millions of them millions of them then
they got people that are coming into
them from Africa and it's like whoa this
is crazy I guess this whole thing is
like fascinating this is and then you're
about around you know Pompeii and you're
seeing the ruins that we Mount Vesuvius
erupted yeah all these people and you're
wandering through all this stuff like
this is fascinating yeah it's a long way
from thinking about the three apps that
you sit on your phone every day and get
your news and get your thing and check
your Instagram and check your face yeah
that's a whole nother whole nother
mind-blower oh my god it's a whole
universe of other stuff to think about
yeah that's why I love walking in New
York like you have your routines of like
where you're walking just get on the
other side of the street and go the
other direction you're a wild man
it's a hold of the world just literally
like when you're on your run with your
dog and you if you just look the other
way from when you normally are like
doing your thing hmm it's a whole nother
perspective it's a whole nother world
it's crazy
but literally just looking the other way
running the other direction it's it's
true but look wait it's it's not a small
thing because we like the order we like
that provides calm and safety mm-hmm if
you're just going that same route all
the time but then there's a limit I
guess and you end up it starts acting
negatively on your life and you're right
if you're just a constant vagabond
traveling around the globe that's
probably not not positive either right
yeah always going on there having a home
I love home yeah I love home too
I love home which is so weird in an in a
career where we have to travel so much
you know but don't you think that I like
to say like equate it to good and evil
but that there's some weird sort of
balance in this life and that we do
really have to experience negative
things to appreciate positive things for
what they really are if everything is
positive if you're the lottery winner
when you're five yeah yeah and you win
that golden power ticket five hundred
million
Shammi when you're five years old and
it's all made then you don't have to
imagine that you growing up it ruined
your life like listen little Tommy you
never have to work again it would ruin
your life are you talking about grandpa
bought you a lottery ticket when you
were five yeah if you'd be so nice to
give us some of that money that would be
nice but you have seven hundred and
ninety million dollars like what grandpa
yeah grandpa put it in a trust and it's
all yours and you can have it yeah when
you turn 18 but you could give us some
of it now we'd be fucked
yeah growing up being like Richie Rich
yeah you'd be a mess you'd be like what
the fuck be a mess you know a face full
of cocaine chasing this feelings that
you can't get just from practical
everyday work remember that fucking
commercial that cartoon Richie Rich oh
yeah his comic books
every day that every hit the Jersey sure
I get his comic books he always had new
ones that's gotta be one of the weirdest
cartoons of all time a really rich kid
really wins all the money in the world
well all the poor kids would read it and
go fuck I wish I was Richie Rich man
this guy's got everything he's goes on
go-kart look at him see you there
he's got bachelors he's got a sundae
chocolates I want my little dear boy
comfy while he takes a nap teehee and he
says oh well thanks mom thanks ring over
candy and there's a butler dressed like
that dude with the tail coat
coincidentally but look at his butt look
at it look at the name of it it's Richie
Rich the poor little rich boy right
that's what it was but more a little
rich boy because he's not a hero
because he's not happy right look he's
really sad well first of all look at the
size of his ankles it's got the gap
please check out for sure but the dude
who's got the ice cream sundae he's a
say
dressed the same as it go back to the
picture please that dude with the ice
cream sundae is in the very top yeah
he's wearing the same clothes that we
were mocking though that's right he's
wearing the tails get up get up
see I used to think about a guy like
that like in the shining or something
like that yeah and there's some Butler
and I would think of oh that's a proper
man that's a man that he's the guy from
the shining and he's just gonna come
over and be proper be a normal normal
but then as I got older I realized like
oh no no that's a guy it's just a guy
and this guy is this fucked up job
whereas to dress like he lives in
another time period and wait on all
these rich white people like what yeah
it's a tortured man right there okay if
you were a serious black rapper like one
of them guys with diamond teeth wouldn't
you get a diamond cold white servant
like that guy yeah that's all white
Butler's yes just like super super
high-end guys England yeah professionals
it's true I don't think he's a
professional but lesser hilarious I love
diamond teeth yeah yeah little Richie
Rich he wasn't happy he was Cadbury
Cadbury was his Butler perfect Butler
bring over that sundae look at that
other poor kid he's all deformed to shit
he looks like he's evolving another kid
looks like his grandparents and Richie
Rich is like I'll show you what it's
like to be a rich rich rich rich rich I
never had these Neanderthal looking
fella I never sat at a table before
maybe that good blow that picture that
kid again out tell me doesn't look me
into tall ASCII he has a monkey face
skin straight up does he does he's got
totaled Neanderthal things lawyer Rollo
isn't quite big enough but they
definitely gave him some odd features he
does look oh yeah he's got bald patch
the back of his head to sea in a boat
ask album for little guy
poor little fella who is his name no
face it's rich Cadbury and his friend
fuckface uh girlfriends he's got all
these comments look at all the girls
yeah that is hilarious it the bills I so
it was one of them his mom the lady with
the blonde hairs his mom a lot oh but
the great with the blonde hairs his mom
right a lotta little auda lotta lot our
names are written down oh Christ
they're all his girlfriend's little lot
I get it she's big you get it I'm not
I'm I swear to god I'm having flashbacks
from every summer as a child I'd go to
this bookstore in there P comic books
and I buy these little rich yeah Richie
Rich comic books and go home and read
them look he's looking at his shadow
it's his $1.00 it's free shadow when it
when he's got a rat girlfriend when is a
badass rapper gonna recreate this
picture for the covers a lemn I think
that would be perfect for like Gucci
Mane Richie Richie oh come on tell me
that wouldn't be have him walk away cuz
he's okay he might have already done it
cuz it takes a lot of pictures of his
lovely wife that would be a perfect
picture for gucci mane his wife honey
dollar bill behind him holla dollar bill
y'all took a change
it's so weird right what a crazy idea
for a comic strip Bay Area rapper named
Richie Rich so oh there you go yeah I
don't remember being like you weren't
really sending a message like money
isn't important awesome when you want to
be rich II get ice cream whatever you
wanna do there's always the thing to
they're always getting ice cream Cadbury
the perfect Butler frightfully fits oh
yes mrs. rich one should keep fit I
exercise all the time how interesting
that's literally the lines that the
comedy the size of her arms they're like
ham hock like she just mounts you and
just wraps your head up in those bar
Smothers you to death you try to chew
your way out but you run on an air hose
meat flaps get over here Cadbury and if
she's ever in trouble she could
literally leap off a building with those
things just glide to safety Cadbury jack
and jack on the Left he's going into a
hot tub he's got a towel on and no shirt
he's ripped did when did Cadbury became
so and look at him what a butler whoa
homoerotic yeah what about so strange
wait a minute you're putting your Oh God
look what he says there gosh I've been
keeping you from your bath Cadbury I'm
sorry please go no need for biology sir
someday I shall relate this story of how
I was once lost all my clothes at the
South Pole and they says what a butler
as he's walking him walk away with his
tiny little towel around his junk look
at a little that towel is where do you
even find a towel that little that makes
it way all the way around your ass yeah
you covered your dick are you covering
your asshole but you definitely not
covering both what can a strange
snake-like towel are you possessing six
inches across 12 feet long yeah Cadbury
got on the juice started lifting got a
fitness coach it's so funny that was
very homoerotic it was weird they were
allowed to do weird stuff back then
imagine you had that cartoon today
fucking feds would show up at your door
yeah hey Tom papa
let's see your fucking hard drive
another one of the pedophile conspiracy
creepy piece of shit fuck you Bob to Tom
Papa Tabitha its podcast is five hours
long
how long has begun to three hours and a
half at least right fast
Tom papa so III fifteen do you have
anything you're selling links to the one
well my pleasure
I'll stick around for well on what you
driving anywhere they could listen to my
podcast okay come here Zappa come to
Papa and what is this other thing to NPR
NPR live from here it's called live from
here
from here every week six o'clock on your
6 o'clock East on your National Public
Radio whatever and when are you gonna be
at the lovely comic store next probably
tomorrow oh shit yeah you gotta work out
some stuff my dream I sold a show in the
main room yeah okay tomorrow a p.m. show
I'm there hallo look we have folks we
just made a booking I'm on alright thank
you everybody
bye bye
[Music]
[Applause]